And Third -- I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense
I'm about two seconds away from seeing if fairies really can fly --
I didn't know if I could trust him with that kind of secret --
Because if it came out that I was involved with the whole PX scam, my father would be finished.
You'll understand if I don't walk you out.
You both know if you do this, if you go after a Senator's son and you're wrong... it's not just me in the hot seat anymore.
You don't do that if you're not involved.
This base suffers an average of three training accidents a year, unfortunate incidents that I will not hesitate to repeat if you cross me, understand -- give me a sir, yes, sir!
I don't have a job, but I would have a job if you gave me one
And if I were to end up here, I'd consider myself lucky
Now tell me if that isn't the best pie you ever ate.
I've been nothing if not generous
But if you were to walk through the jungle, you'd hear them speaking the most elaborate French
And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine.
It would kill me if he went through his whole life never understanding me.
And maybe if you'd seen more, you could.
No, it's logical if you think like your father
I don't know if you've seen it, but Josephine has some photos in the most recent Newsweek.
I asked her if you were happy to see us
Do you know if it's a boy or a girl?
You are pretty naive if you think it is.
Look, if you want to know is he better in bed than you then yes he is.
I don't know if you've looked at a map, it's close to London but it's a city in itself
I don't know if I got a good voice or not but... practice is only on Mondays and Wednesdays, so...
So if you...
Not if no one finds out.
But if she gets worse, you give me a call
May need to get some extra hands if I don't want to work on Sundays.
You'd tell me if you knew somethin', right?
I've heard people say, you'd fuck a tree if it was handy
Would'a chopped my arm off if you asked
You mean like, if you a man or not
Think it'd be best if you stayed put while we talk.
Y'all let me know if these steaks are too dry.
You sayin' that gun's for me if I don't?
Just answer the door if he come knockin'.
Don't know if God wanna see me.
People always say, you gotta get good with Jesus, if you want not to go to hell
I think it'd be better if you talk to me.
I think if I just piss..
Since you workin' on the square now, maybe we could get some coffee in the morning, if you want.
Eh, if the bootie fits...
I'd feel better if we had some heat.
He wants to know if you have anymore.
What if I chant?
Not if it works
They said send a detective if I could spare one
What if I say no?
And even if it only took them six months, do you know what our profit margin would be?
Imagine if your families could pay their gambling and drug debts with perfect counterfeit bought for cents on the dollar.
It might be better if we talk in private, Sebastian
Be better if I could talk to him in person
Not if everybody is doing their job here at home
Not if it works.
But if you could?
What if you change your mind?
I didn't know if I wanted to handle her -- I already got a snake act
You think I'd be working here if I could afford a real snake?
I'd like to check the dressing room if I could.
Andies only simulate suffering -- if they're programmed for it.
But if I don't plug it in how can I...
We're going to have to start the sequence again if you don't stay with me, Deckard
I was wondering if you might help me
What if this is for life?!
Eve, if you'll let me, I can --
Lie, if need be.
And if possible, I'd like to marry someone from Pasadena.
I know that sounds mean, but believe me, it would be meaner if I didn't say it
So I wind up with guys who are very good looking, but even more shallow than I am, if you can picture that
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go find another low-paying, demeaning job where some guy named Jerry keeps telling me how lousy his marriage is.. ...Okay.
Mind if I change the station
I'll give you a Rogers Hornsby, if you'll take me to the hotel!
Or "nori" if you prefer
I would really appreciate it if you wouldn't take the Lord's name in vain again.
Oh, Adam,that would be wonderful if you could find a girl
I don't know how far you'll have to travel to find supplies, but if you can't get home by nightfall, I want you to look for something called a Holiday Inn
I don't know if he's had a heart attack or just... a horrifying experience
And if you act now, I might even throw in some free lawn furniture.
Cute Little Old Man, if you want a boy, I can be a boy
And if you want a girl, I can be a girl
Even if it's terrible!
I'll deliver the baby myself if I have to.
But, what if I go into labor
And if we can't find him?
See, you'd eat like a slob if you were alone, but since another human being is present, you show that person respect by going to the trouble of having proper manners
But if the shoe fits.
I had to keep on with him as if nothing was different
What if Frank came over here and found us?
What if I told Frank that you opened me?
You can hit me, if you want to.
You can kiss them if you want
How'd you like it if someone sneaked into your house and watched you
Just to see if I could do it.
You all mind if I take my vitamins?
See you Friday night, if not before.
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert.
I don't want you to get involved, really, I mean, I do, but if something went wrong I mean, like you said, they may be involved in murder.
Yeah, if it opens the door.
I can stall if it's more, but I need time to find a good window, alright?
You can change it if you want to.
See if you can find me two bullet casings. 45's, if my eye serves me right
Well... what if your boss knew how many guys were supposed to be there... in that room?
I think it's better if we find this man before he finds us again.
For if you do, there will come the day when you look behind you and see we three
Don't c-cross the road if ya can't get out of the kitchen.
Besides, if you're a hitter, you're either working for the Russians or the Italians
What if it was just one guy with six guns?
I wouldn't be surprised if we see more of these turning up.
As if they have God's permission
Why have you come to a church for council if you're not religious?
We're going over to this bar if you feel like going.
I understand that if I had a few more friends like you and Bob I'd be dead.
I understand that and I can't help it if you don't.
He told me because he wanted to know if I wanted to go.
But if it wasn't for Dignan I probably would of died.
Even if it's the difference between some trooper recognizing us and throwing us in prison or not?
Yeah, but you wouldn't have the truck if you blew it up.
See if mine are in there.
But what if they change the locks?
And you're wrong if you think, I'd turn my back on a friend.
But I wonder if the kid has the goods  up here.
You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
And if Future Man doesn't get let out of jail in 48 hours, then we go back
Yeah, but what if some nut pulled gun on you?
It's only dangerous if you don't know what you're doing.
I'd appreciate it if you didn't go around telling people lies about me.
No, if I go out on this job, then it's just another score by Mr
There's no point if you're not having any fun
I'd rather stand if it's all the same to you.
I'm due to retire next year and believe me, I need my pension, but if you think I'm gonna sit here and let you dangle me with this, you can go to hell
I mean, if we're cutting the crap...
What if someone decided to cover their tracks by blaming Conklin and Bourne
What if Bourne didn't have anything to do with this?
What you can't know, is if it's gonna blow the room with it.
I should kill you... if it's true you should die..
What if it's not who you think it is?
I will meet you, but only one way -- if Robert the Bruce is there, and puts his hand on my Bible, and swears his loyalty to Scotland.
But if we have not caught Wallace --
And if He wills that I must lay it down to have what He wants for my country, then I'll do that too.
We don't care to live, if we can't fight beside ya.
He says he will attack no more towns -- if you are man enough to come fight him.
I cannot commit treason, if I have never been his subject!
If I'm senseless, or if I wail, then Longshanks will have broken me.
In time, who knows what can happen, if you can only live.
And what if his veins ran not with the blood of Longshanks, but with that of a true king?
See if he remembers anything new the next day
It just got me thinking about Jason and what if Evan's inherited his father's condition?
He's sure he can get you off on self-defense, so if you're patient.
I couldn't tell if they were real memories or just phantoms
No, it's just weird with him being such a brain and all, I just wondered if he was ever able to remember stuff he'd forgotten.
Because I've been waiting to see your art projects all week and I'd feel terrible if all you thought about was your father not being there.
Just tell me if anything weird happens.
I couldn't stand my dad, but I knew if I moved to my mom's I'd never see you again.
Do you ever think about "us?" I mean, wonder if it could ever have been different between the two of us?
I couldn't give a shit if you believe me or not, and frankly I'm too tired to prove it to you.
As if my dad could've stopped me from seeing you
Yeah, if you call multiple orgasms weird.
Not if you remember my dad.
Did your mom say if Lenny was... okay?
Look, Jason, I need some fast answers if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done.
Maybe if I can figure out how the memories of a simple worm function, it'll help me understand the complexities of the human brain.
I need to concentrate on the blockbuster if I'm gonna destroy it.
As if I was gonna lay a hand on my own sister
Not a bad piece of ass if I say so myself.
Boswell has macaroni and glue if you wanna fix it.. -- He's just a lucky guy.
Oh, but if you knew what it means to us to leave Europe, to get to America
Oh, but if Jan should find out
Do you mind if I do?
In refugees alone we could make a fortune if you would work with me through the black market.
Do you have any idea what you'd have to look forward to if you stayed here
I knew so much about his work, and if the Gestapo found out I was his wife it would be dangerous for me and for those working with me.
If you knew what really happened, if you only knew the truth --. -- I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you
You can believe that if you want to.
I wouldn't have come if I had known that you were here
If you shouldn't get away, I mean, if, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know...
One would think if sentiment wouldn't persuade him, money would.
But, Victor, if the situation were different, if I had to stay and there were only a visa for one, would you take it?
Well, Mademoiselle, he's the kind of a man that, well, if I were a woman and I...  were not around, I should be in love with Rick
I wonder if you do
I wonder if you know that you're trying to escape from yourself and that you'll never succeed.
Don't you sometimes wonder if it's worth all this
Monsieur Blaine, I wonder if I could talk to you?
And what if you track down these men and kill them
What if you murdered all of us
I'm sure you'll excuse me if I am not gracious, but you see, Major Strasser, I'm a Czechoslovakian.
It is too dangerous if we let him go
It may be too dangerous if we let him stay.
And if it should change?
I have no conviction, if that's what you mean
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions
I suppose you know what you're doing, but I wonder if you realize what this means?
But I'll be in tomorrow night with a breathtaking blonde, and it will make me very happy if she loses
I was born in New York City if that'll help you any.
Oh, laugh if you will, but I happen to be familiar with your record
And if he did not leave her in Marseilles, or in Oran, he certainly won't leave her in Casablanca.
Make it official, if you like.
But think of all those poor refugees who must rot in this place if I didn't help them
You are a very cynical person, Rick, if you'll forgive me for saying so.
Sam, if it's December 1941 in Casablanca, what time is it in New York?
What did it matter if FedEx was five minutes late one day
They'd eat you if they could
You idiot, if he dives, he'll capsize the raft.
I figure, if we could take care of a puppy, we could, you know, take care of --
Not if you work for FedEx.
Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
Finally Abe Lincoln came to him and said, General, if you're not going to use my army, could I borrow it for a while
He'd be happy if he could help *commit* me!
Only if you can afford it.
What would you do if you met them?
But you looked as if you liked it.. "King Kong"
I don't even know if he's coming back!
Uh, look... if you're serious about wanting a job, picking apples isn't that boring.
I wonder if you might give me a ride.
But I understand if she misunderstand me--it's all my fault, ain't that right?
If that was your knife, Muddy, I wanna thank you for givin' it to her-- no girl should be goin' *hitch-hikin'* if she don't got a good knife with her.
Just promise me that, if there's a blizzard, you'll move into Wally's room until it's over.
I would like it very much if you thought you could be happy here, Homer.
Don't mess in this, Homer, if you know what's good for you.
What I mean is, if you don't want to... keep the baby, I know a place where you can go.
She's about the most beautiful girl I ever seen--I don't know if she's the nicest.
I was just going to ask you if you'd like to join us.
I wasn't sure if you'd make it.
But the Catch-22 is that you can't tell anyone about the offer, because if it's public, you could start a bidding war and that's considered a breach of etiquette
Back in WWI or WWII, one of the WW's, if you took the time to light three cigarettes with one match, some Nazi would be able to figure out where you were
But only if we recover the cash.
I just don't know if this says, "me"
What happens if you fuck this up?
Say something stupid if we got a deal, Jake.
What happens next time if we gotta stop and help a little old lady cross the street
You know, I hope this isn't too much of an inconvenience, but if Carolyn is coming down for the weekend, perhaps I could give you something for her
Are you asking me if I have something to prove?
Off the record, I'm this close to cutting someone in on the action if it'd help.
We're going to rope this banker tomorrow and you gotta at least look classy, if not be classy
You gotta do this thing and I don't even know if you can.
Sorry about your wallet, but if you think I'm going to suck dick over thirty seven dollars, a maxed out Visa and a bad fake I.D., you're fucking crazy
But if you wanna talk about bad luck...
But, if you're into her..
See he had a real thing with getting this Gillette guy, If you ask me I think he's jealous.
I saw you go up from the Knecker, working that Grind, learning the Barnard's Law and I thought, "the kid's a prodigy." But I know that if you're using these goods..
After he got done ripping me a new Lincoln Tunnel size asshole, he let me know exactly how little I'm welcome back if we come up short
But if we hate it, why do we do it?
But if it does.
Because if a supervisor knew I'd seen you and I hadn't reported it, I'd lose my job as well
Even if it was true, which it isn't, what the fuck difference would it make to you?
I'll give you a lift if you like.
Three if you need it
If you see someone who's gambled here, even if it's just casually on the street, you must ignore him
What would happen if I knew something like that and didn't report it?
What happens if I want to sneeze?
Just wondering if everything is all right
So if you detonate in...
When you fall, Doolittle, if there's anyone down there on the planet, somebody may see you
Let me know if anything important comes up.
Even if I could only polish it once in awhile.
You know, Doollttle, if we're going into the Veil Nebula, we may actually find a strange and beautiful thing: the Phoenix Asteroids
Well, Doolittle, if you can't get it to drop you'll have to talk to it.
More likely, it's a long drive out in the country, if you know what I mean.
They'll put her in witness protection, but if you're with her the risk of her safety goes way down.
Look, if I made you nervous or uncomfortable or creeped you out--
People had a choice, even if they took it for granted
I'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time.
And if I ever catch you coming near my man again...
That if he didn't break it off with me, you'd save him the trouble.
Maybe if you could give me something more on her...anything you can remember, some detail...
What if he's on the level?
And if I ever find out you're going out the back door on Natalie again, you're the one who's gonna be hanging by your ankles three stories up
None of this would've happened if you had exercised even a smidgen of good judgement or self-restraint, which you didn't.
Even if she doesn't dump me, which is unlikely, she'd never be able to trust me again.
What happens if you level with her?
I'd be pissed off too if I was her.
What's the difference if I'm on call here or deployed in the field.
Well, shame on him if he doesn't.
Christ, if I hadn't gotten pregnant with our son, I would have never known I even had sex with the prick.
I'd be in a position to spend some money on you if you'd get in a position and spend some time on me.
I wouldn't dance like that in private if you paid me.
Wonder if you could smoke shit out of this?
I'm sure I can barter with a scalper, but if you dudes think you got better plans, go for it
Okay, I'm in on this hare-brained scheme, but if anything happens to my mom's car, I'm blaming you
He couldn't get any deeper into shit if he was a fly sitting in a horse's ass
So, if the lesson was that you're a dick with ears and a really bad haircut, then, yes..
And if it ain't cleaned off?
Dude, if it were dancing the way Fred Astaire did it, I'd give it my best shot
But I'll be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy.
I still got my idea if anybody will let me speak.
Come on, if this is anyone's fault, it's mine
I'll be home a little after one and if you've been partying or playing that satanic KISS music... well, need I remind you of the consequences?
You're going to be late if you don't hurry up and change soon.
I was insulted, so I asked her if I was wreaking some wicked b.o., right
About two weeks ago I went to my cousin's wedding and one of the bridesmaids asked me if I wanted to take a bath.
So, you see if it wasn't for me, me and my friends would be at that KISS concert right now... together.
This whole thing wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for you jinxing us
About fuckin' time if you ask me
And even if it was LSD, I can still give my mom a kiss without smelling the catch of the day.
And even if it did, at least my mom didn't give birth to me while she was on LSD.
If he misses Peter Criss's drum solo, I don't know if he'll be able to handle it.
Not if I shoot first!
Not if you chose to stay within God's channel...
What happens if you tell Mom and Dad about this, Samantha?
Well, if you're innocent, then you have nothing to worry about.
So what if Ling Ling kept the cash and returned the wallet
You be honest... and tell the truth... even if they look at you funny... and they will
And if you're cute and horny... then you're probably happy that you don't know who you are... or why you're even alive
Yeah, but if I told her about the other stuff about Frank...
Frank asked me if I believed in time travel
I don't know if you realise how great an opportunity this is for our daughters
Kitty, I would appreciate... if you could wait...
Mom said if I did, she'd look up my dad and marry him.
He'd pop his Nancy-belt if his old jacket somehow, I don't know, got her back.
When I was seventeen, I don't know if you know this, but I was crowned Mount Rose's American Teen Princess
Honest to God, if I got to do it over
Hey, if they ask you to take off your shirt, get the money first.
Amber, if I die from these fumes, will you be sure to cover the hickies on my neck?
So if, uh, you wanted to do somethin'...
Annette, why don't you just see if there's any beer left in that can and relax a bit.
Y'know, if you have, you got all the pictures of the winner you need.
Ride it side-saddle if you have to -- like a horse
We'll wave the fifty dollar application fee if you list a friend and put her address.
I said I'd move if a cripple came
We wouldn't have been late at all if it wasn't for you.
Hankey here can't help it if he was born crazier than a shithouse rat!
I will if you shut your piehole.
King Solomon was game he gave each Girl his name to number them would make a list that long I'll bet his thousand wives led miserable lives if the king can do no wrong.
She might be stuck on me, but what good would it be, if the king can do no wrong.
Of course you're All aware a king must have an heir some one to pass the family name along will some one tell me where I'd ever get an heir if a king can do no wrong
Go out and chase that peanut vendor away from the building -- Get rid of him if you have to use violence - if necessary call out the militia and if he isn't looking get me a bag of peanuts.
You act as if you had neurosis --
Well, if you wanna work in the post- office you'll have to stick out your tongue.
In that case you'll have to take a civil service examination --  if you pass I'll put you in the post-office -- stick out your tongue.
Now if I were to offer you --
Sure, if there's a chance for advancement.
Well, if you don't want your dog why don't you put him in a pound?
A man who's willing to die, if necessary.
The country's taxes must be fixed - And I know what to do with it, If you think you're paying too much now, Just wait 'till I get through with it.
Carry out this tragic folly if you will -- But I for one will not be a part of it
I'm willing to forget if you are.
I met you at the dog races -- say, you could have won that race if you tried a little harder.
I'll go 'way if it means your happiness...
I wouldn't know what to say either if I was in your place
And I won't stand for you if you don't show some improvement soon
This man suffered a severe fall, if you take my meaning
You listen, you're not going to have much of a livelihood if this man dies
I'll let you know if there's something in the afternoon post.
Merrick, even if they were supplied with funds
So if you have any difficulty understanding what he is saying, just tell me and I'll make it clear.. ...Yes, Sir.
Now if it was up to me, I'd say "Certainly, let's meet the fellow, by all means," I'm sorry, I simply can't speak for the other members of the committee.
I think that if I were to present Mr
Certainly, if you insist
O fair Katharine, if you will love me soundly with your French heart, I will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your English tongue
Well, if there is nothing more, I suppose we'll be leaving you now.
I'm sure that if Mr
I remember a dream.... it was as if the whole sky was blue...
They'll be more than "hurt" if Halfdan the Black lands
You see if someone were to get hurt they might get angry and then... well...
Er... well... we... we... would be TERRIBLY grateful if you... all... would sing for us.
The Gods decreed that if ever a sword spills human blood upon these shores, the whole of Hy-Brasil will sink beneath the waves.
Stop talking as if we were married!
I'll kill you if you say anything about this to anyone.
You mean if just ONE PERSON gets killed?
What if we could find Bi-Frost the Rainbow Bridge?
But, Keitel, if Erik ever finds the Horn Resounding... if he ever crosses Bi-Frost, the Rainbow Bridge... if he ever wakens the gods..
And his "you'll never be a Berserk if you lose your temper"...
And if you have to kill somebody, KILL them
Your face was dark and your hair was backlit -- I could see a halo of frizz -- you asked me if things were okay between Naomi and me.
Do you mind if I turn this on?
What if it breaks?
What if you stay this time?
I thought how could you be talking to me if you couldn't talk to people?
It would be different, if we could just give it another go around.
And he fell for you when they were erasing you, so he introduced himself the next day as if he were a stranger and now you're dating him.
Well... if they're looking for me in memories I'm in, what if you take me to a memory I'm not in
What if you hide me?
Y'know, if I don't love my body, then I'm just lost
Well, I probably wouldn't say if I were, but no.
I could give you a ride if you need.
No, I don't want to bug you if you're trying to --
I mean, it's okay if you want to sit down here
It's okay if I sit closer
But I don't want to bug you if you're trying to write or something.
No, I didn't know if you were talking to me, so...
I'm afraid if we fall back into this fast without considering the problems we had...
I wondered if I had made a terrible mistake
I thought about Clementine and the spark when I was with her, but then I thought what you and I had was real and adult and therefore significant even if it wasn't much fun
Maybe if I just explain what happened, I wouldn't have to go through this and I could tell you everything and it would be like you knew and we could rebuild and we could be happy again and...
I love you and if you knew that... if I told you what happened..
Hey, if you're ordering lunch for Mierzwiak, would you --. 'kay.
Maybe if you stopped stealing their panties.
You can if you want.
I wonder if I should invite my girlfriend over, too
Like you two honeys, if you decide to accept my offer of a lease on Siwash Cave
Well, if the Clock People give you any inside information on the end of the world, drop us a postcard.
Then if you are Japanese, then why are you called the Chink?
It's so dark now I doubt if I could find my way back down
Debbie says that if women are to take charge again, they must do it in the feminine way; they mustn't resort to aggressive and violent masculine methods
Princess Grace herself couldn't be better, not even if she had your personality which she doesn't; Anyway, dear, I'm out of photography now and into water colors
So if the ship didn't blow up, what happened?
But if Dr
He'll live... if we ever make it back.
Peters, I want you to go through the ship's log, see if we can't find some answers.
The science workstation has power, I'll see if I can find the crew from here.
Better if I just show you.
And if God is Everything, then I have seen the Devil
We barely have enough power for life support as it is, if we can't stop the drain, we're not gonna make it.
That way, if the gravity drive malfunctions, the crew could use the foredecks as a lifeboat.
What are you trying to say? "If God had intended Man to fly, he would have given us wings?"
Starck, get on the horn, see if anyone's listening...
What if there were a connection between the two
What if the air has gone bad
It's as if time just... stopped for seven years.
You wouldn't say that, if you could see me.
But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits
I think if we can rework the power settings...
Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse
Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works --
What if he made the call to shut us down --
I don't know if "we've" noticed, but the sickest runs this side of the Alps are right outside that window --
Reed, what if we got these gifts for a reason
What if we have some, you know... like, calling?
And if he's not...?
I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger
You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better --
Victor, if we could understand what happened to us --
I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
Oh, man, if you could swing something there, I'd do anything for you
Then, if we get back together, we'll know it's the right thing.
Mister, if you don't shut up, I'm gonna kick 100% of your ass.
But if you wait a minute...
Brad, what would you say if I asked you to just put these flowers in the trunk of the Cruising Vessel and get rid of them at work?
I want you to know that it's your final decision if we should continue or not.
And... you can only tell it's the right girl if you're sensitive.
The Attitude dictates that you don't care if she comes, stays, lays or prays
Not if you're over sixteen.
And if you know something, all you have to do is go about half the time.
I wanted to talk a little bit about school, if I could...
Even if I am fifteen?
I thought if I gave out a vibe they'd get the message and call me up
Just take his order, look him in the eye and if he says anything remotely funny, laugh a lot.
Now if you can just turn to Chapter 47 of Lord of Truth And Liberty.
Mind if I come in?
Do you mind if I excuse myself for a moment?
Look, you want to be gentle with that woman if she ever calls again
But if I were you, I'd leave the Doctor alone until after he's eaten breakfast
Remember, if you have any trouble you can always send a telegram to the Right People.
They'll fight like hell if you try to take the head without the dogs.
They'll take people right off the street if they have to.
Also, I told him I'd be there myself in an hour, and if she wasn't, I'd come back out here and rip his lungs out.
And even if you manage to beat that, they'll send you back to Nevada for Rape and Consentual Sodomy
Christ, if we keep her full of acid that's more like two grand a day
You better hope there's some Thorazine in that bag, because if there's not, you're in bad trouble.
It'll be a goddamn miracle if we can get there before you turn into a wild animal
Don't worry if it doesn't add up, that's our problem.
I'm gonna shoot him if they don't get him first.
We go out the back, we're dead, but if we go UNDER them... we might just make it
Uh, uh, I think if we can get everyone into it... we can get out of here.
Let me make this clear; if we stay, we die!
I wouldn't have made it this far if it weren't for the chance of seeing my little girl again
Bebe that if he worried half as much about his scripts as he does about my private life, we'd make a lot better movies.
You mean what if the public finds out I perspire
What if they find out I'm a real person
I don't care if my clothes are taken seriously
We contribute our profits, for if fascism is not stopped in Spain, it will spread across Europe, jeopardizing the struggle of civilized man to survive
Then you have to be real smart to know if you should hold onto it because it's all you've got... or just let it go
The only time I ever saw her happy was if her name was in the papers... but she could have been... if times were different she could have been a politician or..
You'll break a lot of hearts.. ...Not if I can help it.
You sound as if you hate it.
I'm telling you straight, if you have any serious ambitions, stay clear of the place
Only if you were in it
Anyway... if you need me...
Yeah, if I don't make too big an ass of myself.
Yeah, but if I win this trip, Mama'll kill me
Well if you didn't put it in the papers -- nobody'd even know about it.
Miss Farmer, you were advised at the last hearing that if you took one drink of liquor or failed to be a law-abiding citizen --
So you go back there... you go back and you tell them to let me out!. 'Cause if it's long enough, which I doubt, why don't you wrap it around and fuck yourself in the ass!
And if I consent?
Come warm yourself if you like.
Claude rode over there to see if held lost track of time
Only if you'll tell me who he is.
We're on the verge of answers undreamt of... but only if we have the courage to ask the questions.. ...yes, and thanks to him, smallpox has been virtually eliminated
Someday you may be priests... but only if you learn the scripture chapter and verse
You can even join me here, if you like
Next Friday, if you're not happy, I'll put you on the bus myself
Alice, see if Bill has cleaned out the boathouse
It wouldn't look so great if he fell over them.
Not if they're where I think they are.
I figured if I didn't save you
I was just wondering if you thought there'd by any other gorgeous women at Camp Crystal Lake
Now, if you were a flavor of ice cream, what would you be?
They'll be okay if they know enough to stay in outta the rain.
It's not suicide if you're already dead
And when I've drunk the last drop, if I still feel then, the way I feel now, I'm gonna take this bottle and break it over his melon head.
The only way being passive in this situation makes sense is if I believe you'll let us go
Now, if we go down that first path at the end of the day, I'll win
Now, stop me if I'm wrong, but I take it you don't give a shit about seeing me and my brother receiving justice, or the bank getting its money back
Now if you need me like I think you need me, you're not gonna kill me 'cause I won't answer your stupid, prying questions
I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk
He said when we come home, if you still feel the same way --
Hey, if we go to a motel, we can swim.
You asked me if I would --
I'm just bringing it up, 'cause if you really want me to do that for you, I will.
And if we get our hands on those shit asses, we're talking payback time
Well, if there ain't there sure oughta be
Seth, if you were me --
That woman wouldn't of said shit if she had a mouthful.
Hey, when you talk to him, see if you can arrange a better deal than thirty percent.
I don't know if there's any single reason
I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna watch Hayes pull flowers out of his ass and take credit for this one
I mean, I'll give you points for style -- just nothin' for smarts.. -- nothing I can do about it unless you're suggesting I infringe on their civil liberties -- which I'd happily do if you'll just trim a little fat off the Constitution.. -- and now I got reporters from Toadsquat, Iowa, calling my office and askin' what I know about this "G.I
Basically -- he asked me if I could unring a bell.
Well, if you had to go over my head, lieutenant, that's the way to do it
Sir, please... if there's any way to do this without dragging everyone through the mud...
But if it's on my desk, it's on my shoulders
Sir, if someone is suggesting that I'm a lesbian, they're wrong.
Let's see if you want what you're gonna get.
And if you just happen to wash out, I won't have to contend with you bitchin' to some hairy-chested female Senator
But most of all, lieutenant, I resent your perfume, however subtle it may be, competing with the aroma of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty- nine cent cigar, which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happens to offend your goddamn fragile sensibilities
Even if I make it under these rules, I still lose, because there'll always be a flag in my file -- "Yeah, she made it, but..."  I mean, really -- why didn't you just issue me a goddamn petticoat to wear around the base?
But you told me to come to you immediately if I felt I was being mistreated in any way.
Well, I'm just an old dame without much time left, so you'll pardon me if I jump right in here before they discontinue my blood-type
Gonna be visiting that all-woman's America's cup team in a few weeks -- If I were a gambler, I'd say Dennis O'Conner's days are numbered
But if it works out -- if you work out -- it could well change the Navy's official policy on women in combat
I think you probably would -- if you didn't know I was right.
You don't think she'd be raped if she were captured
There are ways of dealing with these things -- I mean, if people are so inclined.
Well, pardon me if I do
And If I couldn't get it, I couldn't stay.
What happens if it works
So if I try this thing... if I ship out to Coronado... what happens here?
But you're the class officer, Wick, and it'd just be weird if we hook up
Well, I'm trying to figure out if you're stupid, unlucky, gluttonous -- or some new alloy of all three.
Didn't you know you'd be raped if you were captured
Would you have shot if it was a man?
Cortez, see if you can dig out the tools without losing the rest of out gear
And if you don't want me for a roommate or classmate, you got two options -- move out or ring out
This is what you get for brain- picking an old CIA spook.  but if I needed to control the outcome of this test case, that's how I'd do it
So who stands to gain if Jordan flames out in a big way?
Lucy'd kill me if she knew.
Well if he's right, this is your chance.
Well, I can be tough if I want.
I need your trust if you're to help me find the nest.
Gwen, see if you can calculate the impact point
To see if there's a pub.
We might be able to get there if we re-configure the solar matrix in parallel for endothermic propulsion
Sure, Guy, If you can stand the excitement.
Listen, I was wondering, would you guys mind if I sit in today
See if anybody's interested in an autograph
What does it matter if we're doing episode 31 or not?!
Did it ever occur to you that if you had been a little more supportive you could have held on to me?
What if something happens
But if you are saying that any of you could have traits in common with Sarris.
But what if Sarris survives?
Mind If we skip that
Right, If this is about the thing tomorrow you can hammer out the details with my agent, but make sure I have a limo from my house, they jammed me into a Toyota the last time I did one of these
Alex, see if you can get the prison doors open downstairs in case Fred and Guy can't get the oxygen back in time.
Tommy, you keep a lookout, make a signal if they come back.
I said "wouldn't it be great if we could always, work together." That's what I said.
Ah, if she only knew that the most important men in the country -- possibly the world -- are sitting at this table...
But if you don't mind my asking, George, what are your plans?
If our leaders are ordinary men who truly believe; if they go into the forests with the troops, eat what they eat, fight with them, perhaps to die
But if we have war, the British will surely send their best troops:  right now they have no other enemies.
Besides, if I had half the wagons that were used to lug the rum to Philadelphia for this congress, I could move a whole army to the moon!
But if you have to shoot somebody, you can't.
Washington inquires if you are going to join her for dinner?
Have you decided if you are going to join the Virginia Delegation to the Constitutional Convention?
Well, if it's my last order, then I order them to be there
Alexander, are you trying to tell me that I might be assassinated if I don't agree?
He warned you some day you might have to act for the good of the people -- even if it was against Congress
You realize what would happen if this fort fell
It would make me happy if you'd join our table for dinner from now on.
But if victory is remote and there's any hope for a negotiated peace, we must keep this army intact.
And, if he's popular with his men...
And, if we fail now, remember:  you stopped us!
George, I'm afraid if you go through with this madness I must tender my resignation as your aide
Because, if the British got off their asses and came up here, now, we would be smashed
Should I tell them all to go home because if they win it will ruin me!
What's the point of a revolution if it doesn't?
What good is a revolution if it overturns those things we cherish!?
Of course, if it were that simple
It will be harder if I am surrounded by a body of men who look like me, don't you think?
Sir, if you don't mind my saying, I don't understand your history at all
We can grow three primary crops in a season and, if we have some luck, we get a forth
I cannot, if I would, conceal it from thee.
I must be educated if I'm to take my place in society
I'm not so sure if America is as far from England as I'd hoped.
Is that your test of patriotism, George; if a man will die for you?
And if we don't happen to find it under Palmer's mattress or inside Karen Flores' undie drawer
See if he hasn't stashed it somewhere.
Give up this ace stunt man now one of the West Coast dope kings, if they go easy on the Cat.
Catlett says if you don't open the locker the deal's off.
Lemme see if I got this right, you break into Karen Flores' house, ask me for three hundred grand, doesn't even belong to you?
Then you get somebody to add in the commas and shit where they belong, if you aren't positive yourself
See if he wants to invest in my movie.
Harry, if I gave you Leo's money you'd have Ray Bones all over your ass and then you'd be in a whole new kinda trouble.
That, or I'm thinking what if some tragic accident were to befall the widow Saffrin -
So you're thinking what if I was to put you next to my dry cleaner
Ask him if he wants to invest his money in a movie.
You wouldn't be talking to me if you were.
Did you stop to think what if I had a heart attack?
Jesus, if I have a heart attack, I hope you know what to do.
Mind if I take it for a spin?
Watching you in the movie, if I didn't know better I'd have to believe you were a made guy and not acting
I wouldn't let her if she tried
That is, if you can make it.
I figure if I help Harry make one, I'll find out what you have to do outside of have an idea and raise the money
Especially if I help him get Martin.
See if you could help him get Martin in his movie?
What if it was?
I won't say any more than I have to, if that.
Look, kid, if you remember anything from your time working with Harry Zimm, let it be the three key words to filmmaking.
He said if Martin's interested, I could get a half a million for it easy
Inflict pain if I have to.
Hell, what difference does it make if we report it now or later
Hypothetically speaking, what if we get this boat to Sitka and find out somebody wants it back?
Tomorrow we'll see if we can't find some line and tackle
What if that fucker finds it before we're ready to go?
Dreamin's all any of you're gonna be doing if we don't get this boat running.
That if we didn't, we might never leave.
I don't care if you don't sleep for a week
But neither of us is gonna risk saving your ass down here if it comes to that.
Actually, I was just checking to see if you were here - your friend Seymour is on his way up.
She says that job at Computer Station is still available if you want it.
Well... as you know, Maxine and I have been seeing a lot of each other, and we decided it might be a good idea for all of us if she came back here to live at the end of the Summer, just so we can all get to know each other and to make sure this is what we want.
I've got some important news to tell you, but it can wait till later if you're not feeling...
You could even live here and go to the city college part time, and still get a job if you wanted to.
Not if I don't find that goddamn spatula.
They've already paid the earnest money... well, let them bring it up if they notice it at the final walk through
Hey, it's nearly nine already - we're gonna have to leave now if we're going to make that movie.
These are all valid comments, but I think we should see if the artist has anything to bring to this.
Look, that's the policy... if you want to make up your own rules you can open your own theater...
Just take my word for it... if she ever finds out about this I'll never hear the end of it...
Because if you do, I'll kill you!
I'm sick of waiting - we need to start getting stuff if we're ever going to move
I wonder if I hang around with you because you're like my surrogate mother figure or something
I wonder if he's just totally insane and he really thinks a bus is coming or --
It's a known fact that it's way easier to get a job and everything if you're rich..
What if he recognizes us?
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again.
What do you do if you're a satanist, anyway?
Let's see if they gave me the right diploma...
I'm so sorry if you were offended!
Well, if it isn't Enid and Rebecca, the little Jewish girl and her Aryan friend.
I will if you want to.
I wonder if you really like all these old records or if you only like the fact that nobody else likes them?
I'm starting to think that even if I did get a girlfriend it really wouldn't change anything.
Maybe it would be better if you --
Jesus, I'd go nuts if I had to work in an office all day.
If you don't mind my asking -- why do you care so much if I get a date or not?
Yeah, well sure... you can if you want to... it's just I don't want all these guys in there at once... you know...
I mean if you had told me you were coming I would have warned you -- it's not like a real party or anything.
This track alone by Memphis Minnie is worth about $500 if you have the original 78
So Josh, if this guy freaks out, will you protect us?
Uh, do you mind if I wait
But if I have to return, you're finished
All they'll bring is more chaos and we've plenty of that already- and if they come in, word will get out- and what happens to your knighthood then?
And I don't care about you and I don't care about the thirty dead- I care about my knighthood and if this railroad finishes on schedule, I'll get my knighthood and I want it
Such a gentleman.. -not "what if"- there will be, there always are
What if there are complications?-. -oh please- if I'd been against your taking this, you would have abandoned me
I tried to be late, John- it would have been easier if you'd gone.
And it certainly won't do much for morale if a man-eater's on the prowl.
I couldn't believe it when you said "sort it out." As if it were the most normal thing in the world. "Ho-hum, what lovely tea, I think I'll bag a killer beast this evening, nothing much else going on anyway."
But what if in the future the three of us do something grand for humanity
I happened to be in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to see if everything's all right with you -- you know, with the blackout and everything
Egon, I'd rather you didn't mention any of this to Peter if you don't mind.
I'd like to bring Ray in on your case, if it's all right with you.
For me it's best if I sleep on my side and you spoon up right behind me with your arms around me
But the bed's good and I just changed the sheets so if you get tired, feel free
You know, if anyone else told me that, I'd have serious doubts
I need to know if you think there's anything unusual about him.
I can finish this later if you're tired.
Oh, no, it's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt.
Why would you want to be a Ghostbuster if you're already an accountant?
Well, I'd make an exception in this case if I were you.
I was wondering -- well, would it be possible -- if I bring the baby, could I have the woman?
I promised him a ride in the car if he got you out.
I'm telling you, we're all going to be in big trouble if we don't do something fast
And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential
I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street.
We're going down into the sewer system to see if we can trace the source of the psycho-reactive slime flow
We're running tests to see if we can get an equally strong positive reaction.
Now if you don't want to be the --  -- fifth person ever to die in meta-shock from a planar rift, I suggest you get down behind that desk and don't move until we give you the signal "Stabilize -- All Clear."
I have to leave now but if you've got some time I'd like you to come back this evening and do some more work with me.
I'll stop by if I'm around.
But if anything else happens, you have to promise you'll call me.
I'll wait here if you don't mind.
Spengler,  see if you can find the word "Zuul" in any of the literature
I wonder if there might not be a very large cup of hot chocolate somewhere in the area.
I'd appreciate it if we could take care of this quickly and quietly.
You mean if I stand here and concentrate on the image of Roberto Clemente, Gozer will appear as Roberto Clemente and wipe us out?
You never would've met if not for me
If you guys are right, if we can actually trap a ghost and hold it somehow, I think I could win the Nobel Prize.
It's exactly as if there were two emperors
That way if the Germans cross the Danube here there will be nothing to help them build an offensive position.
I back Rome against all her enemies -- if that answer disappoints you, I'm not a politician...
However, if he continues to be unwell, you may report to me.
What if you do throw something to the people they really want
And, if you'd like we can take you for a tour of the front at first light.
Would you support the Senate if they would give you a trial
They can't... if this is Rome...
You cannot die.. "But what if I wish to be purple?". "If you consider yourself to be only one thread of many in the tunic, then it is fitting for you to be like the rest of men, just as the thread has no desire to be any better than the other threads
He'd be weeping if he overheard that
History shows us that a good general is quick to recognize opportunities -- even if it means making a complete about face at the last minute
Tell me honestly, since this may be our last earthly meeting:  if this were a fair fight where would you put your money?
Proximo, if this is her doctor he's an assassin.
They asked if you would endorse their oil
Why don't you just drag me off if you want to marry me so much?
I'm just wondering if they have a bar or not
Let's go see if they do or not.
Now I know it's pretty late and if you'd rather --
Where are you?. -- and I was wondering if I could buy you a drink or something --
Now if you won't do me a simple favor I don't know what.
And I'm afraid I couldn't quite handle that, if you don't mind
I would never say it if it wasn't true.
But if it's sickening for you --
I wouldn't keep coming here if I didn't like you.
Benjamin, I want to apologize to you if that's the impression you got.
And if you think I come here for any reason besides pure boredom, then you're all wrong.
See if you can guess.
What if he did?
But I just -- Look -- what if Mr
Robinson -- if you don't mind my saying so -- this conversation is getting a little strange
Now if Benjamin absolutely refuses to take her out --
Not if you don't want to.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want.
I'm going to ask you something but you don't have to tell me if you don't want.
I don't know if I can prosecute or not, but I think maybe I can
In the light of what's happened I think maybe I can get you behind bars if you ever look at my daughter again
That's what I'd do if I could
Yes -- If I didn't believe that, I'd die after last night.
You were desperate, just now, if I go away you'll be more desperate than ever
No -- You don't want to be alone at all -- You were in despair before -- If I left you, you'd feel worse than you did before, You must not be alone -- You mustn't cry -- you must forget..
Oh -- oh if you knew how I slaved and slaved for Grusinskaya -- for the success of Grusinskaya -- for the triumph of Grusinskaya... and what is she now
It is as if I had been expecting you
If the Baron -- if you would permit me --
We shall soon see if you made a mistake
I think it would be much better if you went away.
I think if I had pain I'd be too happy to notice it...
You will stay, Doctor -- if you have nothing better to do?
You speak of life as if it were a train you wanted to catch.
Have caviar if you like, but it tastes like herring to me.
You see, I'd like to take a secretary with me for my correspondence and -- humm -- humm -- for company on the trip -- I'm nervous -- I need somebody -- I don't know if you quite understand me
Moreover -- Do you mind if I smoke
I don't see why it's unusual for a stenographer to be pretty -- if she does her work well, -- seems so silly
If the Preysing people get the Manchester contract, we shall certainly merge with the Preysing company -- but if they haven't they're ruined -- Preysing will have to declare himself.
We know all that you could tell us and if you tell the truth it wouldn't sound so good
Mon Dieu -- the pearls -- if they were to break --
I can pay now if you like.
You think I'm dirt, if I'm dirt, you're a lot dirtier, Mr
Well, if bluff is what the world wants I guess I can put up as big a bluff as anyone
But the situation is perfectly clear, If you will allow me --
Gee, I better not, if it's okay
And if you do it wrong?
You hit a person with the oranges in the towel, they get big, awful looking bruises, but they don't really get hurt, not if you do it right
Come on, kid, let's see if there's any food in the house.
If Mary Beth vouches for you, and if she told you the story already...
Well, Roy, if that's the way you feel, I won't badger you
Makes no difference to me if they're only on commission
What if I told you I wasn't really your mother
Bobo knows about the stash in the car, so I didn't dare touch it, not if Lilly Dillon's dead
Well, you're gonna start, if you hope to live through this
I can't run without money, and if I can't run I'm dead.
You do if you're where I am
You were never cut out for the rackets, Roy, and if you --
Oh, come here.. ) If you could have seen your face when I told you good night
I watched you, Roy, I've been watching you, wondering if I should talk about this at all, or maybe just...
What if we want to drive somewhere while we're there?
You're a mama's boy, if you want the truth.
I think it would be best if you both left.
Mind if we sit down?
Laurie... how about if I just call you Mom?
Well, maybe if you'd let me live in the dorms, I wouldn't have to sneak out to spend time with my friends.
Molly, of all the people... if I can't trust my resident assistant, then what?
Wouldn't be surprised if the whole school knows about this one by tonight.
We were worried about you guys so we left early to see if you were --
What if it's Kara?
What if your parents come home?
Its calling card, if you will
Yeah, Jesus--but wars would be a lot better, I think, if guys would say to themselves sometimes, "Jesus--I'm not going to do that to the enemy
Wear your uniform and every decoration, and let them despise you, if they dare.
I'd really feel stupid if we didn't bring anything back home.
You--you aren't going to have any friends left, if you don't watch out.
That's a cartridge, if I'm not mistaken
You're free to go to her, if you want
I wonder if we couldn't get bull balls somewhere, and fry 'em up
I'd like to use the sanitary facilities, if I may.
Do you mind if I ask who you are?
Because if you do--I'll leave you
I wouldn't be alive today if I weren't one of the biggest fans truth ever had.
Do such a job on her that she'll be lucky if she can crawl around on all fours
Now--turn around, if you would.
My boyfriend would be mad if I went out with another man.
Use the sanitary facilities, if I may.
And terror, if you don't mind.
The same hairy, humorless old gods who move you from hither to yon. "Honor, " if you like.
Wheeler was going to die then and there anyway, even if I'd been the paper boy
What's so wonderful if I lost the sale
You don't wrestle if you don't have supreme confidence, and I wrestled
I'd be dead by now if that were the case.
You don't hurt yourself if you start out slow.
You can believe that if you want
I just have one more thing to say: If you elect a President, you support him, no matter what he does
I wouldn't hire a display designer if I didn't trust her taste
But if you want me to tone it down...
If God is omniscient, if He knows everything -- and He wouldn't be God if He didn't -- then He must have known, even before the creation of the world, the names of those who would be saved.
I can stop if you want.
I'll give you $700 a week, cash, if you help me find this girl.
Stay if you want
Maybe it'd be better if you went back home
That is, you ask them what three and two are they'll tell you five, but if you ask them what five is, they go blank
We didn't know if you were dead or alive.
I wondered if she was still around
Look, man, if you're looking for somebody maybe you ought to see the cops.
I wondered if you had ever seen this film or this woman...  ...right here.
But if I was you, Mr... what was your name again?
Well, Bill -- mind if I call you Bill
Trying to find out if I'll finish it or it'll finish me.
Because if you are...
Like the men who sailed with Magellan, I want to see if we really can fall off the edge of the world
What a joke it will be if like them I -
His specialty for tourists was a maxim engraved on the head of a pin. "The wisest," he said, "the truest, the most instructive words for all men at all times." Frederick bought one for me and back at the hotel I peered through a magnifying glass to read the words - "And this too shall pass away."  Well, the wise man was right - if you remember that, you can't help but live life fully.
It's not as if it were <u>alive</u>, like a horse or a camel
You look as if you could.
It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
Well, if some people are upset because they feel they have a hold on some things, then I'm merely acting as a gentle reminder - I'm sort of breaking it easy -- Here today, gone tomorrow, so don't get attached to <u>things</u>
In private, if you don't mind...
Well, if you change your mind
Look if you'd prefer to tell ME what happened, instead of a policeman --
I'd just feel happier if you were with us.
What do we do if there isn't?
And if Laura's bourgeois lawyer friends can't take it, then fuck 'em
You'll be going over the fucking edge if you come anywhere near me next Friday night.
I'll give you 10% of the door if you don't play.
You're asking me what I would think if you told me that you hadn't seen a film that you've seen
That sentence? "I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet?". -- Barry, if I were to say to you I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet, what would that mean?. -- You're like a little squirrel of music, storing away dead little nuts of old garbage music, musical lint, old shit, shit, shit --
Go ahead and put on some old sad bastard music see if I care.
Well, I wouldn't mind a quick chat, if you got the time.
Look if you can't think of anything, it doesn't matter
Well if one of them is this "Sin City" thing --
I could show it to you if you want to come over and see it.
I thought I would ask you a few questions if that's okay.
You used to act as if I was weird for wanting to spend time with you, and that got kind of beat, if you know what I mean
He was a clown, if it's any consolation.
And if we ever see Barry again maybe you can tell him that.
I'd hate it if I lost her
But I'd like to think that if she decided she didn't want to see me anymore, I'd respect that decision
Would you marry me if I was?
Well forgive me if I don't think of you as the world's safest bet.
I mean, what if the single isn't done in time?
So what happens if you get happy
What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success
Because if you are, I'm going to run out of patience.
If great sex was as important as you think it is, and if I was having great sex with him, then we wouldn't be lying here now
Lie, if you want
So if you had a bit more energy we'd stay split
You make me laugh much more than Ray does, if that's what you're getting at
And it's not as if Ray's place is any better.
I mean, if you want to experiment, or whatever --
I think the big question here is where are you, if you don't mind my saying so, and I think I know where you are
We can meet for another drink if you want
Well if you could tell me roughly it would help.. -- I don't fucking know what chance you fucking have!
Well, if you don't know, there's a chance, right
It's like, if someone was in the hospital and he was seriously ill and the doctor said, I don't know if he's got a chance of survival or not, then that doesn't mean the patient's definitely going to die, now does it
Even if it's only a remote possibility.
I'd like it if you could stay the night.
But I wouldn't be if I thought this was the end of the evening.
Yeah, but if you heard this band called the Crumblers, you'd --
It's got nothing to do with marriage, if that's what you're getting at.
I'm all right, if that's what's upsetting you.
That stuff'll put you away if you're not careful.
It would be best if he just disappeared.
Now if you will please-
Now if you will excuse me, I have a great deal of work to do.
But if by helping you I can keep that monster from being the last, then perhaps my life has meant something.
Oh, the boy has a mouth, now if only he had an arm.
For all your healing, if your head ever leaves your neck, you are dead
But if I were to die the push would become stronger than ever before
Do you ever feel a flow, as if some- thing were pushing against you?
None of this would be happening if you hadn't run...
And if I refuse?
His name was Iman Fasil if that jogs your memory.
I know I got you into this, Hildy, but it does seem to me that you can't care much for me if you're willing to let me stay locked up for two hours.
I suppose you're right -- but if it gets rough, remember I'm here.
I'll find her, Bruce, if I have to put every detective in the city on the job
Well, of course, if you put it that way.
After all, if that doctor's right, I'm going to live for a long time yet
I was a very bad husband: Hildy could have got a lot of alimony if she'd wanted to, but she wouldn't take any
You see, Bruce, you don't mind if I call you Bruce, do you
Hartman, if you take this desk out of this building, I'll put you behind bars.
Why, if this unfortunate man, Williams, has really been reprieved, I personally am tickled to death
Well, if she looked like you -- Say
What would you do if it was a daughter?
Hildy, if that's what you want, all right
Well, if it's my last story, I'd like it to be a good one
See if we can move it.
I don't care if you've been after her for six years
Call him a love-child, if you want to
Not if he's inside the desk
Peeking through keyholes -- running after fire engines -- waking people up in the middle of the night to ask them if they think Hitler's going to start a war -- stealing pictures off old ladies of their daughters that got chased by apemen
It would have worked if you'd been satisfied with just being editor and reporter
You wouldn't have taken me if I hadn't been doll-faced!
You come back to work on the paper and if we find we can't get along in a friendly way, we'll get married again.
That's no way to talk to your wife -- even if she's no longer your wife.
I drew out my wife's savings, and if this isn't back by 5:30 I'm a ruined man!
Well, I don't know if that's ethical
Say, Hildy, if I know you, you sound pretty anxious to get rid of us
Well, if she's gonna write fiction, there's nothing like being a reporter.
Even if he wasn't crazy before, he would be after ten of those babies got through psychoanalyzing him
I've got a right to carry a gun if I want to.
You can send somebody with me if you don't believe me!
Pinkus, if you'll come with us, we'll take you over to the Warden's office and deliver this reprieve.
There's that reprieve if they ever find out.
Four hundred and fifty and I'll cut your throat if you try any tricks!
Everything has a use and if we let it be used for its purpose, we could solve all our problems
There's enough food and clothing and shelter for everybody if we'd use some sense.
But if they would only listen to it -- we could have a fine, decent world instead of this mass of hate that makes man do such cruel things.
And if I was to go home and tell my wife --
I got two kids going to school there, and if I changed them from one town to another, they'd lose a grade.
Well, if you'll hang on a minute, she ought to be right in
Grandpa, if you think of something hard enough, can you make it happen?
You can't join if you can't answer.
Go and ask her if she wants to play.
Even if it's not poisoned
I will if you will!
You better bring him home, if you really love him
I'll kill myself if I can't have him.
What would we do if a German came into the house?
I doubt if a few bombs would wake up Dawn on a Sunday morning.
Let them go, if they want.
He's one of God's creatures, he can't help it if he's dumb..
But if you did.
Hey, I asked you if you wanted some chicken.
Go inside and see if it's worth thinking about.
I'm a guy who likes to mind his own business, if ya get what I'm saying.
I ain't fried up the birds yet... if that's what you're ring a ding dinging about.
I think that if you knew him..
I mean if you'd understand his urges, shit the guy's like forty or something.
Now what kind of host would I be if I put my guests to this kind of work.
See if anything is out there.
Stick her in the front, if you want to pick her up so bad
I never in a million years would have believed it if I hadn't seen it.
Oh, really...  ...well, I'm a pretty good dancer if you know what I mean..
Oh, come now... we're all creatures of God and freaks in our own way...  ...but if you'll notice...  right here, needs a little something, heh?
I'm gonna see if anybody's home
Well, let's go see if the nut that runs this place can help us.
Look, if you're going to be like that..
As much as I loved Nathan, I'm not sorry she killed him, if it means I can have you
But it would be great in a better way, not a better way but a different way, if I could find him and bring him back.
Well, I think it would be easier if I could talk to you in person.
No, I'm sorry if I startled you
I'm going to make you free again if I have to kill you doing it.
Free electrolysis, if you want it
But if you had any smarts you would realize that I serve your purpose as well
All right.. ...what is it that makes us human, if not the knowledge that we are indeed human
Ergo if I can teach table manners to mice, I can teach them to humans
It's my thesis that if table manners can be taught to mice, they can be taught to humans.
And how could I stop loving somebody because of a little physical imperfection, if it can even be called that
I'm in the book, if you ever want to drop me a line or something.
As if you'd just taken his money, and now all you want is... his pride?
He wouldn't be playing me if he didn't
And if I want them to, your right arm in three or four places.
What if I don't pay ya, Bert?
Bert, if that's his best game, I can beat him.
For that I get seventy-five per cent return on my money -- if you win.
Eddie, is it all right if I get personal?
But if you wanna give it to Minnesota Fats... nothing doing
Is it all right if I have another drink?
You don't have to play if you don't want to.
Hey, okay if I grab a cue?
I mean, neither one of us would know what it was if we saw it coming down the street.
And if you ever say them I'll never let you take them back.
If he knows what he's doing and why, and if he can make it come off
You can read it, if you want to
Now in three days it seems as if I know everybody
Maybe it'd be better if we just leave each other alone.
Besides, if we get a lot of work done this summer it'll be done.
This can be your room if you want it
Take it back to Gleason's, they said they'd fix it if we found anything wrong.
I'm of a mind to pull him out of school if this is your idea of how to handle ..
What would you think if somebody told you a story like this?
I wonder if you'd take the call.
Strange thing is, if my calculations are right it'll be gone in approximately seven hours anyway
Please, would I be this panicked if it was that simple?
What the hell is the point of having a beeper if you don't turn it on?
Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore.
Sir, what happens if they do become hostile?
What would you think if we went there to live for a while?
And doing a fine job if I do say so myself.
But if you want facts, Indy, I have none to give you
But if you're a Scottish lord, then I am Mickey Mouse.
Maybe if the Tablet were intact, you'd have something to go on
Wouldn't it be wonderful if he were here now to see this?
Even if they were trying to scare us away, a devout Hindu would never touch meat
Miss Scott -- my troops are leaving at dawn if you want us to escort you to Delhi --
And didn't the Sultan of Madagascar threaten to cut your head off if you ever returned to his country?
We'd appreciate it if the Maharajah would let us stay tonight
You know you've been nothing but trouble since I hooked up with you -- but I have to admit I'd miss you if I lost you...
What if she says something important?
Well, if not to kill, then to bother and annoy.. ...and a license to kill...
Besides, if someone is really chasing you, the best way to avoid them is to keep moving ...and FIND THE GODDAMN PEM.
Trouble...is, if we both get stuck here.
We figure out if it's in here.
Course, if I was, I'd be the last to know
As if your mind's not all there.
I went to see if GRUNER had anything to sell
And if I'm right, are you going to put the Journal's reputation behind a story that's going to blow up in your face?
I'll see if I can find him
Do you want more rice?. ...if you are, then I'll take Barbara to soccer and take you to dance after...
So what if we have an alternate version
So, now, if you'll excuse me, gentlemen, Mr
If this holds up, and it very well may not, Mike... but, if it did
I tell you if you're wrong.
I told him that you had an E-mail death threat that said if you didn't shut the "F" up, they were going to kill you...
See you.... ...and I'd be lying to you if I didn't tell you, I'm about out of moves, Dick.... ...I'd be lying to you if I did not tell you how important it was in the court of public opinion...
It would be better if he called us.
And, we believe if his testimony showed up in a court record first, it would free him up from his confidentiality agreement and give him some protection.
We have to verify if it's true and in the public interest..
And if it is, we air it.
What if he were "compelled"?
Sheikh, do you mind... if you would just turn your chair a little bit to face Mr
Good, well ask him if Arabic is his second language.
Then I decide if I grant the interview.
Whose life, if you look at it under a microscope, doesn't have any flaws...?
But there are times that I feel compelled to do it..." "I've -- if you asked me if I would do it again or if it's -- do I think it's worth it
I knew that if I ever broke my promise I'd suffer the consequence...
But if not for your cool headed intervention, his tantrum might have ended this schmoe's life and ruined his own..
Course I can't do much "wriggling" if you tie me up like that again
Doyle, if I could just borrow your charming fiancee for a moment.. -- and we are sure...
Well, actually, all whores worship the dollar, if you want to get technical.
What if he's on his way over there?
What if something happened to you
It's a walk in humidor right now -- but if I took out the refrigeration unit --
But Marylin, if we sign it, I can't hope to benefit from the marriage.
Well, if he continues to maintain this position -- we're in court.
Do you mind if I ask you something frankly
Well, if it isn't the groom himself
Well, if it's as serious as all thatwe'll move heaven and earth to
I'll scream if I want to.
Well, I hate business menparticularly if you're a shining example.
You talk as if he were a gigoloor something.
I'll do it if it takes every penny I've got
I'll do it if I have to bribe that musical comedy Justice of the Peace
I want you to make a statementthat you've had a talk with methat we've reached an understandingthat if Ellen comes home, I won't interfere with your marriage
Apparently she doesn't trust me.. might have been able to help if it weren't for you
We shouldn'a come, I guess, but Ma said there's a job waitin' for her in New Yorkand if we didn't go, she might lose it.
Mind if I try?
Yeah, but it's no good if you haven't got a long face with it.
You don't care if they stop or not. 'Cause you got some money in your pocket, see?
What if nobody stops for us?
Not if you're more hungry than scared.
I'll get to New York if I have to starve all the way.
Okay with me, if you can stand the starvation diet.
She says if we don't stop over at Wilkes-Barre she'll never forgive us.
And if you get tough I'll just have to turn you over to your old man right now
Now if you behave yourself, I'll see that you get to King Westley; if not, I'll just have to spill the beans to papa
Listen, if you'll promise not to do it, I'll pay you
So if it's just the same to you  scram.
Life's swell if you don't try too hard
I'll never write another newspaper story, for you or anybody else, if I have to starve
Say, listen, you wouldn't know a story if it reached up and kicked you in the pants
Blamed if I know
We wouldn't have known a thing about it until morning if I hadn't took that magnesia
Be kinda sweet if we could collect that ten thousand smackers.
I don't care if he was doing it with giraffes in the zoo, Numa, it's none of our business
I don't know if it's coincidence, but Oswald had a top security clearance and knew about the U2 program from his days at Atsugi Air Base in Japan
But if that comes out, there's gonna be a war, boy - millions of people are gonna die
Boss would fry me in hog fat if he knew...
Correct me if I'm wrong
You too, Bill, even if you're family
Lou, Bill, Susie, I want you to go back and check all the sightings of Oswald in Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico in the summer and fall of '63 - see if it's the same guy.
And on top of that, they didn't even bother to check if the rifle had been fired that day.
Now here's another one for you:  What would you say if I told you Lee Oswald had been trained in the Russian language when he was a Marine?
Not in a routine autopsy, but if we looked at the spinal fluid, there might be a high level of iodine, but it's difficult to know
Can you ascertain if there's Proloid in his system?
Nick, what would happen if a man suffering from hypertension were to take an entire bottle of Proloid?
No... if he did, I don't remember him
Do you mind if I smoke, Mr
Freckle Face, if I ever handled a minor felon like that, it'd be all over the papers
Daddy said it was all right if I was real quiet.
Well if they can kill the President, they can certainly get me.
And if I was, Mr
And if you're wrong?
And if you don't want to support me I can understand that but don't you go start making threats of taking the children away.
Damn it, if I say I'll spend more time with him, I'll spend more time with him
I'll take them up to my mother's if it'll make you feel better
Mama warned me this would happen if I married such a serious man.
Well, if that's what you want to call it
But this is one where if you don't nail the other guy, you're dead
Well, if I am, why is the Government concealing evidence?
Garrison, and I assume if you've come this far, what I have to say interests you
I don't know if I should talk about this.
But if I am eliminated there won't be any way of knowing
If you request me to go back to Washington with you right now, that is if you want to hear further testimony from me, can you do that
Sure, 'cause I didn't ask her if I could go.
Well, if you owe me, git your ass in the trunk.
You should know if you bring in anything over ten thousand you have to declare it
And if I don't want to go through all that trouble, I could just take you in on suspicion.
Would you mind if we looked in that bag?
I'd feel a whole lot better if you took some more money.
He says he's gonna take him down if it's the last thing he does.
You worked for it -- if you're sure that's all you want.
What if he hears something he's not supposed to?
How does Winston find him if A.T.F. and all the local Police can't?
What if he checks it?
What if I've figured a way?
Well, if the A.T.F. guy is the one who wants you, that'll only interest him up to a point.
But if all I can give 'em is Ordell's name -- I don't really know shit about what he does or how he does it -- That don't give me much to bargain with.
Yeah, if I cooperate.
Whatever it was had to fit in my bag and not hit you in the face if the bag was opened
I'm off today, but if I can't leave the country I'm out of a job
And if I don't got a job, I can't hire a lawyer.
So that only leaves one thing an A.T.F. man would be interested in.. 'Cause if he busted you, you'd play hell bonding out of federal court
I'd say if you're tried and found guilty you won't get more than a year and a day
I can give you a lift home if you'd like?
What if I plead guilty?
The idea was to try on the suit, see if I liked it
How can I do anything if I'm being watched every second?
We could, if I'm not in jail.
I don't know if he lives there, but I can find out.
You never asked me if I did or not.
And a hundred thousand if I go to jail.
So I say, well, if you want proof he's getting paid for selling them, let me bring the money in.
Look, the only way I can get permission to fly is if I agree to help them
I'll talk to the cops tomorrow and tell you if it's on.
One hundred thousand put in an escrow account in my name, if I'm convicted up to a year, or put on probation
Now, let's say if I tell on you, I walk
And if I don't, I go to jail.
And they asked if I knew Mr
We shoulda been there already and we woulda been if it hadn't been for your fuckin' around!
Why should I think anything's weird, if I don't know nothin' about them knowing each other?
Well, if you had to do it, you had to do it
And if you know Beaumont, you know there ain't no way in hell he can do no ten years
And if you know that, you know Beaumont's gonna go any goddam thing Beaumont can to keep from doin' those ten years including telling the Federal government everything they want to know about my ass
And if she tries to turn me in, I'll name her ass as my accessory
If she had that shit -- and mind you, I said "if" -- it was just her shit to get high with.
What if before the court date gets here, Beaumont gets hit by a bus or something and dies
That's the one, if Beaumont skips and I go after him, you pay the expenses.
Not if your ambition is to get high and watch TV.
You know it's not half the case if I go it alone
I don't know if I can
See if you can stand.
You tell your girl friend to calm down if she knows what's good for you.
But if you're not willing to accept the help of sci- ence; and believe me, I admire you for that: then you'll have to do bat- tle on your own
You wanna know what I'd do if I sud- denly started seeing demons
More Augus- tine than Kierkegaard, if you know what I mean
Jacob, if it was any other brain but yours, I might agree
I'm telling you, Sarah, if you want to sleep with fresh air, you sleep on the fire escape
I don't have to ask if you can feel that.
Even if you never say a word about it
Call if you need me ... but you won't
I would have stayed there if I could.
They tell me if I'll come to Vietnam for two years, no action, mind you, just work in a lab, they'll drop all the charges and wipe the record clean
I figure this is it, twenty years in the joint, if I'm lucky
Excuse me, do you know if we've passed Nostrand Avenue yet
What if we blow the walkways first
What if they're carrying
What if we don't?
What if you miss?. 400 years in the future and these pea-shooters are the best you can do?!
Call me if there are any changes
I'd clap if I could.
Yeah, yeah if this is another ancient Farrari . . .
Look if you're worried about PR don't be
That's right, now if you could...
Think I'm gonna haul it in as if he's a catfish, like everyone else does?
How -- if they're gonna keep on breaking?
And incidental damages, if any...
I don't know if I can do that without a...
Larry, if you'd see these clowns leave, you'd never believe they'd come back with anything
All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town -- we need summer dollars, and if they can't swim here, they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long Island.
Can you tell from that if a big man- eater is around?
Well, if one man can catch a fish in 50 days, then I guess 50 of these bozos can catch a fish in one day -- beginner's luck.
Officer, I wonder if you could tell me where I could find Chief Brody?
I just wanted to know if you were all right... the Coast Guard let me use their radio
And three tons of him there.. 20 feet, if it's an inch...
We depend on the summer people for our lives, and if our beaches are closed, then we're all finished.
She wants to know if you're coming to her little coffeehouse performance on Saturday.
Basically, I'm completely smitten with you, and I don't care if I'm making an ass out of myself right now, because you've seen me make an ass out of myself a million times, and you still want to be my friend.
Yeah, I did ask her if she wanted to go
Will you still think I'm cute if I'm huge?
You can copy my answers if you need to.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to
Besides, who cares if he's married
Besides, I don't know if I'm ready to be a father.
Yeah, this song's older than me, if you can believe that
It's called If I Were a Carpenter
Can you tell if it's a boy or a girl?
They'd say you came a long way out here not knowing if anyone would be home.
What happens if you crack the neck?
Look, if I could give it to you now, I would
I guess I wonder sometimes if people ever stay together for good.
And she didn't die, if you recall!
Like, it would be really great if nobody hit me.
Like, what if the adoptive parents turn out to be evil molesters?
I wonder if the baby's claws could scratch your vag on the way out?
I thought it would take months if, you know, ever and then -- boom -- Two weeks later, she's in our living room.
I've been just wondering if we're, you know, ready.
Just thinking if this is really the right thing for us.
Boy I'll tell ya, if Early found a picture of me like that I'd be black and blue for a week.
You know I can fix that haircut for you, if you want?
Early Grayce if this ain't your lucky day.
You know, if you do something bad to somebody fate will pay you back by something bad happening to you.
What if they're dangerous?
What do you need a Bible for?. ...Mind if I hold that Bible?
Uh, we can stop somewhere if you and Adele haven't had time for breakfast, Early.
Hell if I know, crazy son of a bitch said he was thinking of moving to Texas.
But if it's just a regular bum, you pass them by.
It's like, if you died tomorrow, and fifty years from now all the virgins you fucked are gonna remember you because you were their first.
I think if we fucked you would love it
I think if we fucked you would love it
What if you can't make yourself happy
What if everything falls apart?
And I was wondering if I could be of any assistance
Just tell me if Telly is there.
I'm curious if you have it?
Oh my God if someone sucks my toes I'll come in like ten seconds!
You know if you look at it
I don't know if there's two of you involved, or what -- but we're going to find out
What if he doesn't bite
What if he's an exceptionally bright Raccoon?
So, if you want to catch a Raccoon all you gotta do is figure out where he is -- lay down the scent -- and sooner or later he'll walk right into the trap.
It means, if I were a killer and I thought the police were closing in on me I might invent someone to try and put them off the scent.
Frank, you brought me in on this in the beginning because you wanted my opinion if he was capable of doing this.
I was thinking about leaving the phone line open so you could hear her die -- but I've decided it's better if you don't know exactly when I kill her
And even if you had it doesn't matter
Let's see if you're as clever as you think you are.
Run a search to see if there are any players with a rating above two thousand that live on the Island.
Yeah -- that's what we've always thought -- but what if he wasn't
What if I had nothing to do with the reason he came here?
And what if he's wrong
Why not just say a building if he meant any general type of structure?
Why disguise your voice if no one knows it?
It's as if the game is the catalyst for the murders -- not the other way around.
I was wondering if you could tell me if you have a book on chess called "Principals and Tactics" by Anton Berger.
I don't know if that's possible with you.
I just wanted to know if you're involved with anyone
Do your colleagues know if you're involved or not?
I think it's best if we don't ask too many personal questions -- I want to keep things on a professional level.
What if she isn't
If you're asking me if I'm passionate about what I do, the answer is yes
Then even if Lyssa tells us where she is, we'll never be able to reach her, for they will never allow the Fortress to rise near us.
Well, it is true that if I received a royal command I couldn't very well disobey it, could I?
Because you would not rob if you had no children to provide for.
But if you leave me his money, I'll give him it myself.
And my sister, if you didn't sleep with her, you're building's exception!. ...Mathilda, I don't feel like talking about this.
And if it's you who gets killed?  ...Then
How do you know it's love, if you've never been in love before?..
What if you can't approach the car or he changes car?
Well, if the guy is far, in a car, and I know weather is going to be bad, rain for example, I think I would plastic the car, with a remote here
I shoot from the distance and if I miss I plastic.
It's like a parking meter: if you stay, you pay
Uncle, the way I was told, if that police car didn't happen down that road, you would be dead right now
They'll be other Dennys, if you don't plan.
You'd know that if you'd planned.
What if you don't make it?
What if she asked you to fly to the moon?
Come back with me now, and if you still want to do something like this in a year -- maybe we'll plan a car trip across the country -- Gerald and I will come along --
Look, I'll see if anyone has spotted him recently
A couple days to a few months if untreated.
He can crawl on his hands and knees to China if that's what he wants to do.
Of course I'm not recommending that... if someone like you had to I mean... that's how far they'd probably get before encountering serious physical walls.
No really, if God takes us away from each other, you know where to look now?
I don't even know if you'd walk across the street for me.
I asked the officers if you had committed some crime..
Don't worry baby, it shouldn't take you more than five days if you just stop to sleep and eat.
Even if you followed back roads the entire way, you'd still be looking at roughly the same distance...
Parker, you can yell at me, if it'll help
Ellen told me that she didn't know if I loved her.
I wonder if you ever clipped her.
I asked you if you knew it was a hundred
I'm going to move to a smart hotel, tomorrow if it'll make you feel better
I'll pay you if you like... but I'd like to see you.
Are you serious.. ...or a girlfriend, but if you have some free time... maybe we could have dinner.
I don't know if you have a boyfriend...
A shot of tequila, if you can spare it.
Mind if I use the bathroom?
We can stay in the car for an hour if you want
We can go to one if you'd prefer.
I'm sort of curious... if you're willing to pay me two-fifty... not that I mind..
You can drive with me if you want...
That is, if you'll come to my room for an hour, I will give you five hundred dollars.
I wonder if you'll take two hundred and fifty dollars to fuck me?
And if you put me on the stand, I'll lie.
How would you feel if your father married someone younger than you?
And if you in fact, heard the gunshot, then Brooke Windham wouldn't have had time to hide the gun before you got downstairs
Have you ever considered asking him if he'd like a cold beverage
Huntington makes an excellent point, I have to wonder if the defendant kept a thorough record of each sperm emission made throughout his life?
What if -- you know -- it's not the night?
What if you're trying to be something you are
Well, you should -- If you look good, you feel good and if you feel good, you project joy into the world.
Okay, if Brooke didn't kill the guy, who did?
And if you don't know the answer, they just kick you out?
How can it be the right thing if we're not together?
Elle, If I'm going to be a politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not a -- Marilyn.
But the thing is, if I'm gonna be a senator by the time I'm thirty -- I can't keep dicking around.
What if Josh doesn't think I'm serious enough?
I can keep a victim alive for weeks... months, if I desire it... it's an art
I prefer a plump capon, but will happily serve you rats if they're to your liking.
You wish to humiliate me, as if the form I'm forced to bear were not punishment enough!
Said she'd marry me if I did.
Where's your joy if you cannot sing?
The kitchen be the most important room in a palace, for if the victuals ain't right, little else is likely to be so.
On the morrow I'll be awake enough to see if dreams come true.
We'll surely be in our graves if we don't.. ... this rate... we'll all be in our graves... 'fore we reach the Baron's fortress...
Best if you don't mention it.
Well... if the knight be already dead; what harm is there in... borrowing a thing or two?
How do you plan on finding this here castle, if ye don't mind me asking?
But the serpent hoards a pile of booty, Achilles' armor among his treasures... if we find our way within the mound and him asleep...
And if she thinks me a liar?
Think if ye sup with the faeries you'll be enchanted?
And if it's wine you're wanting, it's wine we shall have.
And if I cannot?
Do your own worm-sticking if you like the taste so well.
What if I answer yes
Not if you be chaste
He'll not flee if I show myself?
A demon if the Devil ever made one.
There'll be spoils aplenty if you guide us there
I'd be more comfortable if you hadn't slept with Josh
And George would be more comfortable if he weren't dying.
I'd be more comfortable if he slept in the guestroom.
Oh...I set it to see if it would work.
Not if what he left me was real.
It would help me if I could kiss you.
Well, if you don't go, I guess I'll see you.
I guess I'd just be jealous if I were him.
Well, if it is, we have a problem.
And if I enclosed it?
I could maybe ask them if you could choose one
I was wondering if I might be able to pick a few to keep, to take home
I would have lied to me if I thought I'd believe it.
Dale wants to know if we should run an outside outlet for Christmas lights with a switch inside?
Everything would have been better if you had
I'd be in Tahoe having fun if you had given up.
So if I got good grades, I was a pussy for not playing football
And if he couldn't make me smaller with words...
No one would blame me if I left!
I don't even care if he ever comes back.
So, if you don't want me here, or you don't want my kids here, just tell me, George
They wouldn't spend less time with Peter if they lived here
Let's see if you've gotten any better.
You can tell him not to even look at you, if you want.
What would you be if you asked Adam and Ryan to run in now and hug you?
But if you talk to Sylvia, tell her old Claude said congratulations.
She always said that if you were on the outside...
You have to forgive me if I don't laugh.
And if you step down off them bottles -- if one toe so much as touches the dirt -- one of these boys is gonna shoot you dead
Listen, Claude, Maynard wanted to know if he should file the appeal on behalf of your friend, too.
Well, if you must know, they could be closer.
You run if you want to, but you're not taking this car.
I don't care if I last one day out here
We're not talking, you're talking, and doing too damn much of it, if you ask me.
I didn't do if for you, anyway
Well, if that's the way it is...
Every time I look at you I get sick to my stomach thinking about what my life could have been if I'd never bumped into Ray Gibson.
I knew you wouldn't come if I didn't have a map.
Well, if you're still thinking about booking it, I want in
And I'm saying if you made it that far, they'd be watching every train that pulls out of that station.
I wouldn't do that if I was you.
On Monday you can be a bank teller if you want, but tonight you're a bootlegger with a truck full of Puerto Rican rum and a fistful of cash.
So you mean, if I needed some jack to get my nightclub up and running, I'd have to hype some square like you?
So if I ain't there 8 a.m
Well, if you must know, bank teller at First Federal of Manhattan
Who cares if a couple of no- account bootleggers went to jail for his killing
I believe in treating the convicts with respect, if that's what you mean.
Mind if I ask where you got it?
If you were to let us go, I guarantee he would show you his appreciation, if you know what I mean.
I'll talk to Dillard, see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you
I'll take the little choirboy, if you don't mind.
I could be back in two, three days tops if I had somebody to share the driving.
Well, we must get people sinning if we want to fill up our New Hell
Would it be okay if I called you Mommy?
I don't know if he's hot, he's my son, you perv
Is it okay if I do the sleep thing?
One day, she asked me if I wanted super sex
Sir, I would prefer if you didn't raise your voice
And if that is your so-called "flask," how would I have it unless I was, in fact, a thief?
He asked if we would bury him when his time comes.
Even if we find it -- we can never go back.
But if I take you to them, they'll kill you.
But if you're one of the misfits... that's where I come in.
But what if you want to live?
Would you mind if Doc took a picture
I don't know if I want to stay here
Like you'd get if it was hand held.
What if Andy tips off Mr
They wanted to know if we'd had a chance to find out what happened to you the other night
They wanted to know if you remembered anything.
He can't talk. it appears as if he can't talk, anyway.
Yes, and we need to talk to him... if we can
Still got forty- five minutes outside if you want it.
Because if anybody's givin' you trouble, Pete, I can take care of the problem... like that.
All the conveniences for the condemned, if you ask me.
Well, it looks to me as if we're traveling west.
Do you mind if I take a look at it?
Not tonight if you don't mind.
Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation, of course.
That's all very fine if it works out
Suppose somebody wanted her so badly that he didn't give a hang if it was good manners or not?
You'll soon be well if you do.
I'll get out of here, if I have to blow this fantastic place into the valley
Look into my eyes and see if these are the eyes of an old woman?
I'll die if I have to stay here another minute
And if that is so, then long life must be even more pointless
This would be funny - if it wasn't so pathetic
Do you know what will happen to her if she leaves Shangri-La
You know how much I want to help you, but this is bigger, stronger if you like than brotherly love
Why, I wouldn't believe it if I heard it in an English monastery
I'll burst with it if I don't
Well - I heard that if you want a man's wife, she's yours, if he's got any manners.
What do you mean if we should get out?
Everybody wants something for nothing, and if you can't get it with smooth talk, you send an army in
We'd be eternally grateful if you
What if he refuses?
And I knew if you did - you'd never leave
Because mother read it in a book somewhere, and if mother's little darling doesn't take her fingers out of the salad bowl this instant, mother's going to wring her little neck.
You know, if you keep on asking that, we're not going to get anywhere
Now that dinner is over, if you'll excuse us, we're very anxious to discuss ways and means of getting back home.
It would serve you right if you were left behind.
And if I say yes?
And if you want to find out even a little, you'll shut up and come with me
And if you don't, fine
So forgive me if you don't exactly hear me ringing little bells and whistling welcome aboard, but this isn't the Love Boat
Cowan-- will you shut your god damed mouth?. of course not, cause his head is that thing way on the other side of the road, cause, if you looked at it, the entire sidewalk full of stuff was actually ONE GUY and--
What happens if I say no?
The answer-- if You'll Just look at this Part-- is here.
Well, if the bugs have hatched, and they're not here... then where are they?
Cause I've been doing this thirty years and if I don't know when something doesn't feel right by now--
Well... if you think about it, then it would mean that maybe everything he's saying is true.
What if, from his point of view, he is?
What if he's telling the truth?
Then wouldn't we also know if he's here?
I think we'd know if held left.
And what if I wanted to see her again
I tell you, if we really wanted to bland in, that'd what we'd be wearing
Well, how about if I guess, then
What if he actually means what he says?
What if you have the foggiest clue as to where the queen is?
I'd prefer if you were just a little more blunt.
Well if you're suddenly such a good samaritan, why didn't you file a departure report, like you're supposed to
So I go in to buy a starter's pistol-- you know, the kind they use at track meets that shoot blanks-- and this guy, he said if I really wanted to mess with with them, he had just the thing...
Now give it to me-- I can reverse the effects if you give it to me now.
What if I don't?
They're not even gonna be your enemie-a if you don't give that to me really soon.
The first was what my son would look like if he were alive today
If I would even recognize him if I saw him on the street
So uh, if you were a plastic surgeon before...
So what if you had to kill someone to do it.
Lamar, I need you to talk to Wally, see if Witwer's gone inside the temple again
What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run?
See if the neighbors know where they went, check all relations --
Even if they had to invent the oracle.
But it's not the future if you stop it
You mind if I tag along?
I like you, Wally, so I'm not gonna kick you, or hit you with anything, but only if you promise to help me...
It helps if you don't think of them as human.
But you will bring it down if you kill Leo Crow
My God, if the country knew there was a chance they might not --
Not if I stay away from him.
First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was?
So if you wanna kill someone, you take him to Miami.
People, if you don't let the spyder scan you, we'll have to come in and arrest you.
That you think I might, you know, fuck with him, if I had the chance...
Maybe if he'd taken one of the males
Yeah 'women.' If I was a fag I could get laid in a subway.
What if I gave you forty?
Maybe if you didn't go Rambo every time I did a lapdance, you'd still be doing it yourself
The only way he'll go with Ricky is if you're in too.
He'll shit if he knew we crossed a bridge.
I don't know if they still around, but I don't fuck with those motherfuckers just in case.
Find out if and where
I can wait around if you want.
I want to see if the baby's up
How does it reflect on him if we nickel and dime it?
You wouldn't have landed a punch if I didn't let you.
Ask if he said anything to her.
Cause if you don't know the number, I can page you with the number so you'll have the number.
But if it comes up...
You said if you didn't have a winning record --
You said if you didn't have a winning record after eleven fights, you'd talk to Max.
I'll get you the list of videos, if you don't mind, I'll offer the other passengers a beverage.
File it up here, like I do.  'Cause if they can't find no paper they ain't got no proof
Cause if a cat toe you down in this town, you better stand up or make tracks.
For if God is black, Malcolm --
The truth is laying there if you smart and read behind their words
What happens if you give all that up
We need more young warriors like yourself, stick around and we shall see if your heart is true.
The Nation will provide for you and the children if anything happens to me.
But we're going to have one right now if you don't talk about it.
And if you said to him, "Let's go, let's separate", he'd yell, "Yeah, man, any place is better than this." You've got a lot of Field Negroes in America today
Stop me if I'm wrong
For the white man to ask the black man if he hates him is just like the rapist asking the raped, or the wolf asking the sheep, "Do you hate me!" The white man is in no moral position to accuse anyone of hate.
You will, baby -- if the time come.
And what if amateurs try it?
Then decide if you want to... stick around or not.
He asked me if I knew anyone he could trust.
And what if, just say, there was a kidnap attempt?
Everything happens once if you live long enough.
Everything happens once if you live long enough.
The night you arrived, Mom asked you if you had a family and you lied, didn't you?
Slip it to the dog if you have to..
Do you mind if I talk to you for a moment?
And if she was ugly?
His father still hasn't gotten up the nerve to ask him if they fucked him up the ass.. [OK
Anything if his soul is true to it
I'll even help him if I can
But if I traced Creasy to you, others will do it as well
Their facilities are as good as my own, if not better.
When my husband died, I would have gone insane if it were not for you
Of course, if you wanna cheaper cut, get rib steak
That gotta lotta waste on it, but it comes to about a buck and a quarter a pound, if it's trimmed
I wonder if there's any place around here I could put some makeup on...
But I wouldn't graduate till I was twenny-eight, twenny-nine years old, even if I made it in three years
I'd be glad to pay you five bucks if you take her home for me.
I was just asking you if you was here stag or with a girl.
See, what I wanna know, Tom, if a buncha individual retail merchants get together, how does it operate
Sure, great if you ain't married.
Tommy, before you go, I wonder if you gimme a little advice.
So they ask me, would it be all right if Catherine come to live with us
You still owe me ten bucks from last week, if that's what you're working up to.
And I tell you now, as far as I'm concerned, if Catherine wantsa come live here with me and Marty, it's all right with me.
I think it be a better idea if you and Thomas go out, because otherwise she's gonna start a fight with you, and everybody's gonna be yelling.
When you get the clamp all the way down, open it as wide as you can and see if you can close it on the artery.
He'll live if that's what you mean
Which he will think if you grease the skids for him.
She had this shiny black hair piled up on her head, but later on she let it hang loose and I'll be damned if it didn't come all the way down to her ass.
You mind if we get out of this guy's brain first?
Also he never learned to button up when he gets hit, so if you two can get a good shot at him once, you can hurt him.
We got to start rehabilitating, Duke, if we want to be halfway human by the time we get back to our wives.
Yeah, if I can.
Georgia, where I come from, it's real if you make it yourself
Well, sure, if you are, Margaret...
So if it ain't staring us in the face, it's got to be retroperitoneal
However, if you'd like to operate on him yourself right now, be my guest
Be kind of rough on him if there's no blood
And if it isn't, why don't we call Washington on your telephone
So if that's okay with you, we got a deal.
I don't know if my putting would come back or not, without some practice.
You know something, Trapper, the way we been going, if we ever got to see a real golf course again, I bet we could burn it up.
You can see them too, if you want.
Sister, if I knew the answer to that I sure as hell wouldn't be here.
I'm fond of Painless, and I'd feel terrible if anything happened to him...
A man is going to die if he doesn't have my fair young body?
How would he avoid it... as if I needed to ask?
Even if I weren't.
I mean if you and me put our minds together...
I have been making examination of this young man to find if he will be soldier in our army.
Like to shake your hand if you'll hurry up and get that chest closed
I wonder, if Red's fix swings it for me, what's heaven really like?
Line up over here, men, if you want to pay your last respects
Imagine if you found out you were one, you wouldn't like breaking the news to your wife
I don't know if you've noticed.
Drop in at my clinic anytime you feel like playing a little poker, or even if a tooth is bothering you.
And if I go to New York, the natives there will carry me
But we strongly suspect something will happen to screw up this splendid organization of yours if you don't get that sky pilot out of our tent.
Ho-Jon's keep as Androscoggin... if there is such a place
Yes, sir, I'll see if I can reach General Hammond in Seoul for you
Do you care if I sit down out here?
I'll take twenty-five, twenty if necessary
You couldn't improve the world if the building jumped on you!
Say, all this John Doe business is batty, if yuh ask me.
Well, I'll be doggoned if over forty people don't show up. 'Course none of us knew what to do, but we sure got a kick out of seeing how glad everybody was just to say hello to one another.
Until Grimes, the milkman spoke up and he said, "Say, you've got the Delaneys all wrong." And then he tells us about how they cancelled their milk last week, and how, when he found a note in the bottle he got kinda curious like and he sorta peeked in under the blinds and found the house empty. "If you ask me," he says, "they're starving."
Why, if you tore one picket off of your neighbor's fence he'd sue you!
And you'd feel like an awful sucker if you found yourself marching right in the middle of it, wouldn't you?
Well, I'm stuck with two and twobut I'm a sucker if I can make four out of it
Why, if you or anybody else thinks he's gonna use the John Doe clubs for his own rotten purpose, he's gonna have to do it over my dead body!
Well, if there's nobody holding us here, let's get going
So the only chance I've got is, well, if somebody could kinda give her a warning sort of, sorta prepare her for the shock!
He'd tell you his granny was in on the Kennedy assassination if he could dodge a collar.
Mind if we make a stop on the way
They have less power over you if you look into my eyes.
Check with burglary detail and see if anyone else knows him, knows his habits.
What if you and me got into a struggle... and my gun went off?
If it's not in perfect condition, and I mean if its even low on wiper fluid, I'm going to kill somebody and we're gonna start again.
And what if you can't live with it?
Actually I think it's fucking crazy, I don't know if I could do it.
Well, if I have to, I have to.
You've got a lot of hard work ahead of you if you want to be a negotiator.
Ray, if you walk out of here with me, I'll get you a job.
I don't know if I can change overnight
And even if this doesn't work, I want all the money
What if you die and no one can do what you do as well as you do it?
Do you believe in miracles?. -- If your life's so good up there Gena, what are you doing down here?
They'll eject it if you do.
But what if he doesn't --
Won't be time if he gets access --
He wants to know if you'd like a cube of sugar in your tea.
Well, if I did I certainly wouldn't say it to you!
Ya know, if I keep on killin' people like I have, I won't have no more friends left!
How can you get up at dawn to walk on the beach if you're on your honeymoon?
On the other hand, if ya got needs beyond the thirty-five, I'll advance it to you against our next deal on the same terms.
So if ya really got another buyer, and ya wanna welch, I ain't gonna beef.
But if ya can't catch the guys...
We're gonna keep old man Profaci alive if it takes twenty coats.
You must be feeling better, if you're looking for sex again.
And if you fellas get together every year and say, "Charlie, we still want you to run things for us", I ain't gonna insult ya by sayin' no.
And if we don't invite Maranzano, we can't invite Masseria
Not if they all die at once.
You know that if you come, we gotta invite Maranzano.
See if these two are my friends.
And if I had known, I would have warned you to expect this
But on the other hand, if you're married, they can't testify against you.
They wonder if you'd be willing to appear at a benefit.
What'll it do if they pull the plug?
You know, Julie, even if this works - which it probably won't - that stuff is tricky
An Abba Dabba honeymoon!. <u>Well</u>, Miss Smarty, if I didn't go out, I wouldn't <u>need</u> any pants
It just so happens this is the happiest night of my life.. <i></i> If you do, I'll be right there beside you
I never had any good luck, until I met you...what if it's all just another bad dream?
He'll take over both our lives if we let him.
Yeah, I <u>could</u>, but the thing is, if later got here sooner, it would be...better.
To see if he could expedite my case
You'da done the same if you had the equipment!. <i></i> I'm sorry, Kitty - what were you saying?
Well, if you're not holding a meeting or anything.
You can get ten-to-one around here if you think you can remember their names
Oh--over there, Senator-- on the east side of the Chair we still have the old snuff boxes with real snuff in them if you like snuff.
They even *promised* me that if I--
I case you don't know--I want to give ya a chance to back out if you don't like it--
President, about the monopoly investigation--" And he jumps right in and says, "Diz, if you were sitting in my chair, would you answer the question you're about to ask?" He had me.
Well, if you're sure it wouldn't--no use combing my hair for nothing.
Maybe if I saw you once with your hair combed, or something--or--no, no--I don't think even that would do it--
One if by land--two if by sea!..
This same man-- Mister Taylor--came here to offer me a place in this Senate for twenty years, if I would vote for a dam that he knew and *I* knew was a *fraud*
But if I opened my mouth against it, he promised to break me in two
I knew, if any man could help me--
Senator Paine, if I could do just that one thing while I'm here, I-- I'd feel that I--
Well, it isn't much, but if you insist, here's this week's.
And if I thought you had the welfare of the state at heart, like myself-- for instance, if you were to turn around and help a project like this along instead of standing in the way-- why, I'd say you were a man to watch
Sometimes you-- you got to compromise a little--  And if you say so too, Saunders--if *you* think that's the thing to do--
Well, if it's all the same to you--
You don't mind if I take the time to get a pencil?
Finally, if the Bill is alive after all this vivisection, it comes to a vote
Now, if you're ready, Senator, we can start for the hotel
It's just as well to tell you--because if we're going to get off on the right foot--I mean--in case I act sort of strange--it's the suit.
I'm not complaining for social reasons, but it'd be a pity if the gentlemen missed any of this
President--I call the chair's attention to Rule Five of the Standing Rules of the Senate Section Three. "If it shall be found that a quorum is not present, a majority of the Senators present--," and that begins to look like me--"may direct the Sergeant-at-arms to request, and if necessary *compel* the attendance of the absent Senators."  Mr
I wouldn't wait if I were you.
I have no future I *care* about, if this boy is broken
No one will ever be sure if he was guilty or not
Stay and play nurse, as you say--and if certain things happen I'm taking everybody up with me, and you'll get one of the biggest jobs in Washington.
And if he can raise public opinion against us--if any *part* of this sticks--
It's your bill-- it's your reputation, and if he can't find enough facts to break you with, you just send him to me and I'll give him a couple of good ones
Do you mind if I talk to you, Mary
Yes, if it isn't too late.
I told 'em I'd play along with them if they lowered their prices - and cut down expenses - and broadcast.
What'll I tell him if he calls up?
I wonder if they'd want to make it a quartet.
But what if they fall into somebody else's hands, why - uh
They say if it hadn't been for Deeds, they'd have gotten all the money.
Yes, of course, if you wish
Well, if he has a claim, we'd better see him
Deeds, but if you'll give me your Power of Attorney we'll take care of everything
I wouldn't worry if I were you
I'll keep that stuff out of the papers - if you'll help me
But I can't do anything if you go around talking to people
You'll get along swell if you'll only curb your homicidal instincts - and keep your trap shut
They'd call you anything if you gave them half a chance
Oh, that's different if it's just poetry.
Well, maybe it isn't to you, but it certainly is a business to me, if I have to make up a loss of $180,000
Yeah, what if I am
Do you mind if I talk to them?
I don't know how people like that are supposed to act, Your Honor, but if that Pomponi woman is an example, I'll stick to simple folks
He talks about women as if they were cattle.
You can go out there if you like.... -- When I was in high school, the thing I wanted most, when I was stuck in class, the thing I was always desperately in pursuit of -- was a hall pass
They said if I didn't get help, they wouldn't deal with me any more
I was wondering if Sofie was around?
Though, if we should continue these sessions, as I certainly hope we will, there are some aspects of that I would like to look at
Maybe if we could nail down the exact fantasies that are haunting you -- maybe you could get past them..
I have no idea if this is going to help.
Skip and I wouldn't have got together if it weren't for you
How 'bout you let me explain it my own way.... -- you can sit up and look at me if you'd like --  -- maybe it would be helpful if you told me a little about what brought you here.
I don't know if the syndrome is over -- if it's just run its course or something -- but I feel a hundred per cent better than when I first came to you.
It might've been more appropriate if we had followed a traditional approach to the doctor-patient relationship.
I don't know if I'm going to make it the whole way.
I don't know if I mentioned the headaches.
But if you're tired all the time and you've had to give up the life you were having and come back home when you didn't want to... that's worth trying to fix
Even if you don't think it's real?
He's a truly kind person, which is pretty extraordinary if you knew the story
I don't know if I can quit
I said that to him, I said, "If you think I'm gonna do all that shit for you, man, you are seriously deluded."
I thought it would be cool if I could show you some of the things that interest me
It's a really weird thing for a shrink to say... and then you said maybe people'd be happier if they'd accept that some things don't change -- that it'd be some kind of a relief or something...
A kid can manage it if he wants a fake I.D
I'd take five a day if I had the time
I don't know if I'm some kind of --. -- Skip
I couldn't make three million dollars if I lived three lifetimes.
That's the kind of thing I can do if I want... now
Why if it ain't my little buddy, Beni
I'm thinking that if the black Book Of The Dead can bring people back to life --
So your sayin', if we find the book made outta gold --
Yes and if you cut him down, we will give you ten percent.
It's written, that if a victim of the HOM-DAI should ever arise, he would bring with him the ten plagues of Egypt.
I believe if I can see it and I can touch it, then it's real
Well of course I can swim, if the occasion calls for it.
Oh no, not another worthless trinket, Jonathan, if I bring one more piece of junk to the Curator to try and sell for you.
And what if you get killed?
I was wondering if -- uh -- maybe we -- I mean you and I -- could -- uh -- you know -- get a -- I mean have a...
This is our city -- these are our friends, our families -- and if we don't save them, nobody will
How could I see him if he's invisible?
And if it did, how would we know it?
But I would be remiss in my feelings for you, and in my responsibility to the Emperor, if I did not say that it is entirely possible that the Emperor will view your refutation of the terms of the Treaty of Tilsit, as the first step in the exchange of a French alliance for an English one -- with all the dangers that might entail.
I am in no position to debate this with you, Your Majesty, but can you imagine what a blow it will be to the Emperor if you should now desert his cause
But, if he should be caught on the move, with his army, in the full grip of winter, then it will be a catastrophe
But I believe that if he is offered any encouragement, by Your Majesty, he will postpone this decision as long as possible
But what is he to do now if no treaty is forth- coming
He knows that beyond Moscow, there is nothing, and that, if he withdraws, there remains only a fall into emptiness.
Well, one thing immediately comes to mind, if what you are saying is true -- he would merely withdraw his army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter.
Petersburg now -- his army is exhausted and ill-supplied, and he would be defeated if he attempted that.
Well, has Your Majesty considered what Napoleon's alternatives might be, if you simply chose to ignore his note?
The point I was trying to make is that I think it is reasonable to say that Your Majesty would not find himself under unbearable pressure, if he decided to make peace with the Emperor, at least at this time.
She was sitting there... and it was as if I had last seen her only the night before..
I told the Lieutenant my late father was General Alexander de Beauharnais, and asked if there was any consideration that might be given to his memory.
This morning, a Lieutenant and three soldiers came to our house and asked if we had weapons
Uh-hh... yes, of course -- if you would like to go... there... but..
I think if I saw her again, I might be tempted to strangle her.
Now, I know that I shall die if you leave me.
No, Major, I merely wish to state that your vehicle appears to be somewhat slower and heavier than mine, and point out that, if you would be kind enough to pull over to one side of the road, I could pass you and be on my way.
I do not know how to dance the quadrille but, if you desire it, I will learn.
Now, the section headed "Secret Clauses of the Treaty" -- Article 14b, provides for Alexander to serve as mediator between France and England and, if he fails to achieve a preliminary agreement within four months, it further provides that Russia is to go to war against England, and close her ports to English trade.
Monsieur Varlac, I will count slowly to five, and if you have not begun to get down from the cart by then, I will carry out your execution, on the spot.
Already I felt the earth flee beneath me, as if I were being carried away up to the sky.
Day-Day, if you don't hop that fence I'mma throw you over.
I'mma talk to my boss and see if he got a little position for you.  'Cause you been unemployed for a long time now, Craig.
I hope you don't think I'm crazy, but I just had to come in here and show you I ain't scared of yo' punk ass brothers...and you wouldn't have be scared of 'em neither if you had a man like me in yo' life.
I hope the Cracker Killers pay well 'cause if not, back to the ghetto you go
But if Pinky catches you doing that X-Games shit off his counter top, we both getting fired
Suga, go ask Miss Ho Kym if she seen them.
Tell you what, if you want to blow off the Sacramento speech, fine
Even if you don't, Her Security men will.
I'm the guy who's going to kill your daughter if you don't get moving.
See if you can stop this thing 'fore it gets started
You understand I don't mind dying if I could save my daughter
They say they'll kill her if I don't do something for them.
What do you do, if I may be so bold?
And what happens if I don't call you?
I thought if you went and talked to him -- another man --
You ain't leavin' in no hurry if we can help it!
Yeah, and if he gets me, I'm pretty sure you're next.
The record's eleven, and I'll beat that if I have to
What happens if they don't do that?
And what if they meet a monster in their dream
So, if you have a nightmare, for instance like falling, right?
And if you can't do that, you sleep.
I'd've canned your ass if you hadn't
He's not dead and gone -- he's after me and if I sleep he'll get me
I want to know how, where -- if you don't tell me, I'm going to call daddy.
I mean, it was as if there were four razors cutting her at the same time
Ninotchka, I wouldn't bring this up if we weren't such good friends.
If you stand alone it means a boiled egg but if you're true to the collective spirit and stick together you've got an omelet
I know, but if we can't put in all these wonderful things at least let's put in some imagination
You must help us, Leon... if you don't win her over we're on our way to Siberia!
And if it is too late for you your children will eat it.
Now Comrades, I warn you... if it gets out in Moscow that we stay in the Royal Suite we will get into terrible trouble.
There is a Turkish proverb which says, "If something smells bad, why put your nose in it?"
With two f's, if you please.
Well, if your mother turns against you, you have to look for someone to adopt you.
I warn you, if this case comes to trial it will be before a French court, and when the Duchess takes the stand...
How can you fight the Reds and make yourself agreeable to the Whites if you don't keep up your strength.
Well, sir, if you should do it again, which I hope you won't, please remember the order
General, please... if you hear any rumors that I am a charitable person, will you please kill them at their source?
We avoided luxury and extravagance and today... well, if you were to offer us a glass of champagne, we wouldn't say no.
Comrades, if we ring nine times... let's go in.
And if we have to go to Siberia...
I am sure if we call him he will give you a very clear picture.
We would appreciate if you would see to it yourself.
Well, if she succeeds the consequences will be disastrous.
Pardon me, I am very interested in what you just said -- you mean when an envoy goes back to Russia -- if they don't like what he has done they put him out of the way?
Everyone wants to confess and if they don't confess they make them confess
Wonderful -- if one could believe it.
There have been cases... but the headache the next morning is worth while -- if you drink it with the right toast
But if you do, you must tell me the truth.
I laugh... and when I look at Buljanoff and Iranoff and Kopalski I know they are scoundrels and I should hate them -- then I realize who made them like that, and instead of sending my report to Moscow I tear it up and go down and buy a ridiculous hat... and if this keeps on... am I too talkative?
You must forgive me if I appear a little old- fashioned
Now if there are any special aspects you wish to study I have nothing to conceal
Listen... if you are interested in a view...
Correct me if I am wrong..
Just in case they don't give you your visa to Russia I want you to know that I have signed a contract for my memoirs and rented a lovely little chteau in the Touraine, and if you feel the need of a change...
Count d'Algout was for several years my personal representative and if it is necessary to sign any affidavit for him I'll be delighted.
I've thought it over and I'm willing to take all the consequences, even if it means a complete readjustment of my way of living.
Brutal frankness, if you insist.
I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if, at this moment, I'm not in the least subtle?
It's about Punchy... do you mind if I sit down?
Darling, if we're going to get anywhere someone has to keep his eyes open!
Sweetheart, we won't have to bother about our future if you are willing to raffle off your past!
We can be rich if you say the word
Whose face would you have if you had your choice
I am willing to hand over the jewels and sign the necessary papers if you take that five-forty plane to Moscow.
We can condense these two years to two minutes if you want to accept my proposition
But if you feel like notifying the police...
Not if you have their love
Madame, if you...
Do you mind if I let in a little fresh air and sunshine
Here...  "How can the Bolshevik cause gain respect among the Moslems if your three representatives, Buljanoff, Iranoff, and Kopalski, get so drunk that they throw a carpet out of their hotel window and complain to the management that it didn't fly?"
Well, there's Pruniers if you care for seafood
Sir, if I may ... echo my concern ...
He says if he doesn't get it right away, he's going to blow us out of the water
The President would like to know if that was the last payment.
I don't know if I'd go that far, sir.
Kissinger's waiting -- he's gonna throw a tantrum again if I don't see him, threatening to quit ... again.
And if I stay?
And by God, Al, we would have changed it, changed it so they couldn't have changed it back in a hundred years, if only ...
Y'know Al, if Hoover was alive none of this would've happened
I mean, if Cambodia doesn't work, we'll bomb Hanoi if we have to.. ... never complain, never explain, John ...
But why, if Kennedy is so clean in all this, didn't he cancel Track 2?
Oh, Pat asked if you're coming to the Residence for dinner tonight.
Tell him that Hunt and his Cuban friends know too damn much, and if he goes public, it would be a fiasco for the CIA
It's only the Ellsberg thing, and if that comes out, it's "national security."
Maybe if you talk to Mother she can ...
But ... if we were able to separate China from Russia once and for all, we can -- we could create a balance of power that would secure the peace into the next century.
Not if you have spies in the White House, it isn't your job.
Not if I give you all the cards ...
Churchill used to say to me, "If you want your own history written properly, you must write it yourself."  All right, Edgar, but just don't let it come back to haunt me.
You asked if you could count on my support ..
I won't tell him if you won't.
Because if you're uncomfortable with the EPA up your ass, try the IRS ...
Only if Kennedy dumps Johnson.
The point is, you might lose some of your media-darling halo if the press starts sniffing around our dirty laundry.
And if necessary, I'll drop the big one.
And if it leaks out of here tonight ...
President, that the Communists only respect strength, and they will only negotiate in good faith if they fear the "madman," Richard Nixon.
Free, if you're the president.
But I wouldn't have if Hiss hadn't lied about knowing Chambers
Even if you wanted to
President, the press guys asked if you could come back for a minute.
And if we keep our heads, we can win this thing.
But you won't talk to him ... if he's convicted, will you pardon him?
And if I expose myself even the slightest bit they'll tear my insides out
Well Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't
What would you a done if he'd been released?
I generally make a fresh pot ever week even if there's some left over.
Would you tell me if you had?
He's goin' back out there and he wanted to know if you wanted to go with him.
Your mother's dead, Llewelyn.. ...If I don't come back tell Mother I love her.
That's the way it is.. ...If that's the way you wanna put it.
Just call me if anyone else checks in tonight.
I want to see if someone's here.
You can have the one next to yours if you want
Even if you gave him the money he'd still kill you
You wanna see if he has more shells, go ahead
What if the killers didn't see her
On a regular basis, if you get my drift...
Here, listen to this... "If who I am and who I hope to be should meet one day, I know they will be friends." Now that's beautiful.
But you... you're different.. ...to see you.. ...well, if you're not going to slit my throat, why'd you come up here?
Then you should treasure that... you gotta hold on to whatever you got that's any good, even if it's only a little bit.
Let me know if you need anything, okay?
I'll tell you, if that man was any better looking it'd be a crime 'a some sort...
My best friend once said if you were any handsomer it would be a crime...
Forgive me if I caused you all any trouble..
MY NAME IS NOT DAVID, AND IF YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE, YOU'RE MORE FUCKED UP THAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE!
So, if you know it, why are you in trouble?
What if you can't find him
What if you get out there, and nothing's the way you thought it was gonna be?
I'd kick him in the nuts, if I thought he had any.
I'll take a Miller, if you got it...
Well, what if this guy's just playing with you
What if he's lying about who he is?
But I think it's best for both of us if you get your own place as soon as you can.
What is that?  "Please call if you have any information on David Ravell." This is my phone number
Everybody says if you're going to get married, this is the spot to meet someone..
Okay... oh, umm, would you mind if I borrowed some clothes?
He was two guys before the last one -- not counting a little office thing in there, which I'm trusting you with, 'cause if it gets out, I'm on the street...
Now, if you'll excuse me...
Even if he's falling asleep on his feet?
Let's see... around here that would be Kiowa, Kickapoo or Osage, if I'm not mistaken.
I need to know if you're for real.
No... if we don't finish this job, how are we gonna look at ourselves in the mirror
My instinct says I gotta see this through with her, and if there's one thing I've tried to teach you here --. ...but that's not what we're gonna do, is it?
Yeah, well, if the wife's trying to sell it she'll fuck up
But a '97 Le Sabre'll be easy to find if it's here, town this size..
In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring
It is, if you like idiots...
I'd be honored if you'd come.
Probably the same thing my mom would do if I got engaged... have a heart attack.
What do you think my father would do if I told him I didn't want to be a lawyer anymore?
I don't know if it's the one branch or all of 'em.
Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
Well if that is Pete I am ashamed of him
Even if it did put you square with the Lord, the State of Mississippi is more hardnosed.
It's not so surprising, then, if an organism deprived of earthly vision-
I don't care if it's ninety thousand.
But if that ain't the consensus view, hell, let's put her to a vote!
Now, if you want Dapper Dan I can order it for you, have it in a couple of weeks.
Lunn, if we don't the goddamn competition will!
What if I want to talk about her, pard
You gotta give six years to the Navy if you wanna fly... that's six years with the most uptight assholes God put on this earth
I mean, if I've made you pregnant, I'd want to... do the right thing.
Mind if we talked about something else?
No more backward, if you ask me, than the way these hotshot assholes fuck us, then ditch us
Don't you ever feel like if this is all you get for your trouble then the sonofabitch ought to be paying for it...?
Call me during the week if you get the chance.
Why'd your mom marry that guy if she didn't love him?
Yeah, then if I get jets, it's on to Beeville, Texas.
Zack, I don't know if I want to do that...
I'll get it if you want.
Paula, I never try to fool anybody about who I am, what I want... so if even in the back of your --
And if you ask me, you got no chance at all of being an officer!
I wouldn't fuck now if my life depended on it!
I don't feel like talking, if you don't mind.
I couldn't take it if he keeps me here over the weekend.
No matter how it happened, if she goes ahead and has it" Zack, there'll be a child in the world that's mine -- and I couldn't go through life knowing that and not knowing its name or where it lived.
Okay, but what if it's like Foley said and she got knocked up, to trap you -- is it still your responsibility?
Not if she won't even talk about an abortion.
I asked if you loved her.
Not if you make it worth my while
What if she called the cops?
Junior, you gigantic idiot, how are we supposed to get into the room if they pass out?
Think about it, what would you do if you were them, stay in there and choke to death, or come out?
Cops woulda been here by now if she called 'em
Not if we keep 'em here
Raoul, what in God's name do we do if she has a gun?
What if she has a gun?
Everything's spring-loaded, even if the power's out it's fully functional.
He's right, we can't get into the room if they're dead!
What if I spazz out?
What if I do?
What if I keep dropping?
What if they get in here?
They mean, Pig!, that the Black Panther Party declares that if you try to brutalize our community or take our weapons
Well if anyone's gonna protect Malcolm's legacy it better be us.
You talk as if this thing's already been decided.
And, once we get these boys put away and the Panthers permanently discredited, I'd appreciate it if you'd leave us to take care of our own
Chief Dorsett, if the Black Panthers are going to remain in your jurisdiction, some fundamental changes in attitude need to be made...
They'll kill me if I don't
And the Panthers are going to kill me if I do
Huey, man who's gonna straighten out the brothers if they get on my ass?
And shit, if I stuck around here, instead of signing up, I'd probably be in jail, or sitting on the stoop drinking Bitter Dog with Rose, you know?
Mind if I ask you something
If you go, I'll care for them as if they were my own.
Nineteen, if you hang me with my men.
And if I triumph, you triumph.
As if she had been speaking all along.
It's safer if we stay together.
We'd cover more ground if we split up.
He vowed that if the Assembly votes a single shilling to Lee, he'll dissolve the body.
He looks as if he's sleeping, doesn't he?
He can if He wants to
What if you can't read what's written on there anymore?
But what if he dies and has to go to the Pet Sematary?
No--but if he drops by, I'll tell him to call you.
I wonder if we could just--
And if one touches you...
Even if the marker ain't nothing but a tin can someone wrote on with a Magic Marker, it speaks
Come on over and join me, if you want.
Don't talk like an asshole even if you are just a bit of underdone potato or a blot of mustard.
Only if some- thing should go wrong while he's under the gas--it's a one-in-a-thousand shot, but it happens--you explain to her.
Do you think I didn't hear her tonight, crying as if her heart would break
But if you're Captain of the Dauntless, who's left for the Black Pearl?
You've no hope of surviving Norrington's attack ... that is, if you're mortal.
I didn't steal it, if that's what you mean.
I apologize if I seem forward -- but I must speak my mind
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we comport ourselves as befits our class and station?
He also said if that be the case, you'll be dining with the crew, and you'll be naked.
Miss Swann, if you'll be so kind?
Not if the fool has something Barbossa wants
Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight.
Well, if you're intending to brave all and hasten to her rescue and so win fair lady's heart, you'll have to do it alone
So if you'll excuse me ...
I swear to you, Argon, if you don't stop the meltdown that nanobot will be the last one I ever build.
I was wondering if you'd finished considering?
We have to find him, run tests, determine if the polymerization is stable.
We won't know anything until we find that guy and find out if he's alive or what.
Icarus, please, if you want me to give you a bath just say so.
It'll be better for us if he simply disappears
You enjoyed a tasty beverage and thus this receptacle becomes your responsibility and I don't care if it's a Styrofoam cup or the Exxon Valdez
I have lived my whole life by the diagnostic application of fact and the fact is, Argon is going to get whatever he wants, so if I were you, I'd give it to him.
He doesn't care if all of Calumet City is turned to Jell-O
I'd feel a lot worse if he had read them and just didn't care.
And if we evacuate, what do you want to do with O'Brien?
What would happen if I threw him into the core?
It's underwear, so if you lose your clothes you'll still be decent.
What has happened to you is nothing compared to what is going to happen to Calumet City if we don't hurry.
Maybe you're ready to find out if that hide of yours is bulletproof?
If C.N.N., or hell, if the E.P.A. knew what was in my basement --
Stewart!. and if it's all the same to you, I'm moving out.
What do you think my friends would say if they found me in a little cheap flat?
I guess she would let us have the right wing if we needed it, wouldn't she?
If it isn't - there are six rooms and two baths - but if that isn't enough, Mother will give us the blue room too, I think.
None of your ideas can be goofy, Stew, if they concern me.
Not if you're going to lose any sleep about it.
Now getting back to those eyes of yours - would you mind if I kind of got closer so I could see them?
Perhaps if you'd like something lighter - something with a touch of romance
You know something, lady, if you sold life insurance, I'd go for a policy in sixty seconds.
I don't mind her if you don't.
But listen now, as a favor, will you please make it snappy, Laughing Waters,[14] and tell Stew Smith I gotta see him because if you don't my whole family's going to die.
And if you don't get out of here, I'm going to hang one right on it.
You wouldn't know news if you fell into a mess of it, nose first
Now listen boss, if you're going to kick about that expense account
Would it be imposing too much upon you if I asked you to do a little work today
I must have been pretty much plastered if I hired a valet.
Now Gallagher, if we could only get a great scene - a tremendously emotional scene - something that would just wring the hearts out of the public - to bring the curtain down in the second act - that would be okay
And if your social duties permit - why -
Well, if she doesn't want to come, I'll come down alone.
Now sir, if you will pardon me, with all due respect, sir, as a Smythe to a Smith, you are an eagle in a cage.
Well, if I couldn't be a good putterer, I wouldn't want to putter
Do you think if I concentrated and put my whole soul into it, that some day I might be a putterer?
That's all right, if you like it
That's IF she can learn to bake.
Connel said that if things keep going the way they are, I might be seeing that promotion sooner than I thought.
I've read like one book in my whole life and I'll be damned if I let you throw it on that fire ...
I don't know if I ever said this to you before, but, well ..
I don't know what I'd do if she wouldn't go out with me ...
And every one of those things is in you all the time if you just have the guts to look for them
Everybody's upset because they're not winning anymore--but just think how it would feel if all of a sudden they do win.
Well if I don't who will?
But if we don't play along we could alter their whole existence
And if they find you guilty, you're gonna be stuck here forever
Only if they mean it.
So even though I can't make any promises, well--I figured if you asked me real nice--I might just be willing to talk about it again.
I know how I'd feel if mine went out
I don't know what I'd do if I couldn't paint anymore Bud
And even if you don't like it, you just gotta do it anyway.
I wasn't sure if you were okay.
You know, if this ever happens again, you can make the fries even if I haven't put out the napkins yet.
It's extension 215 if you want to try me back.
And what was this?. ...yes I'm still on hold.... -- all I want is the number of where she's staying and that should be god damn good enough, now stop treating me this way, please -- Just Give Me The Number Elizabeth Please Now I think I will kill you if you don't.. -- what are you talking about, come on --
I'm not being scared, you're just going to rag me if I do this --
So it's ok if I bring her.
Yes but I get tense and I feel like I can't be myself if that happens.
It's a free country, we can look at you if we want to.
I was wondering if it's better to ask your girlfriend for the money
I was wondering if you could help me out with a little bit of money.
I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry -- and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you.....can you please let me redeem the mileage?
That's just crazy if you spend three thousand dollars on pudding.
You see if you spent $3,000 dollars on pudding you could earn over one million frequent flyer miles.
To see you again, thanks for helping me yesterday --. -- yeah that would be great, if I was gonna go but I'm not exactly sure, I have so much goin on here -- A lot depends on this thing I might do here and if that happens I can't go and if it doesn't happen then I probably will, but I doubt it.. -- oh that's too bad, it's so great over there and if you were there we could say hello to each other or something --. -- I'm probably not gonna go though.. -- well, if you're gonna go --
Is it ok if I leave my car you think?
Ok...because of the time difference if you needed to call me early?
I can connect you with a beautiful girl if I can just get your credit card number followed by the expiration date?
And I'm telling you: that if you ever hurt me or if you hurt someone that I love.....I will hurt you many, many, many times over.....because it's not right to take people's trust.
I don't know if there's anything wrong with me because I don't know how other people are.....Sometimes I cry a lot.....for no reason.
How am I supposed to know what to do if you don't say it -- if it's not in your rules and regulations in your fine print how am I supposed to know how to be with this --
So take a look, the whole thing, call me about that, if it seems alright then I'll head down there and check it out.
It doesn't make sense if you think about it in a fair deal like sense
We have a business address too if you need that -- but hit him at his house first, see what this little bad boy is all about and shake him up -- give him a little doe-see-doe --
I'll come right back, I'll just go pay for my car.. -- he's so strange I don't know if you really even would want to go out with him, someone like him, I said I'd try, but it's just --
What's the point of all your valiant attempts at rehabilitation if -- when I finally succumb -- when at long last, I pledge myself to righteous conduct -- you regard me with nothing but suspicion
But if you truly have matters in hand here --
I'll fill every slippery hollow; if you're obliging, then you'll swallow!
It needn't be; not if you've another story.
Tell him -- if he uncovers our whereabouts -- you'll slit your wrists with a razor, and I'll plunge a hat- pin through my heart.. "By the time you read this, we'll be long gone; bound for England or points beyond..."
Perhaps if you were to buttress your entreaties with the means to oblige them...
As if I could hope to pacify you with evasions of--
Keep filming.. "You talk about the people as if you owned them
As long as I can remember, you've talked about--"  Orson, I am so goddamn tired--. "Well, if you got drunk to talk to me about Miss Alexander, don't bother
All right, if that's the way they want it, the people have made their choice
Hearst has authorized me to tell you that you're looking at the most beautiful lawsuit in history if you release this picture
I --um-- I don't know if I should
Yeah, it's the place God would have built, if he'd had the money.
He truly doesn't care if he ever works again.
You fuckin' worm, if you're going out, I'm going out.
I gotta accept your word, but if I find out anythin', I'm gonna kill somebody...
Then why did you give him a beatin' if he didn't do anything
It was just between me and Salvy, if it had anything to do with you and Vickie, I woulda told you about it.
Sooner or later you'll get your shot -- if Tommy don't die.
Jack, if there was anything funny, I would tell you.
Look, even if you lose they're gonna think you're weak; they're gonna think you're not the fighter you used to be
And if you beat this kid Janiro, they gotta give you a shot at the title because there's nobody else
Now I don't know if I can make it down to 155
I'm having trouble making 160, and without telling me, you sign me for a fight at 155 pounds, and if I don't make 155, I forfeit $15,000
I don't know if she'll be there alone..
America if I didn't pull her outa the contest
My lawyer says if we can spread ten thousand bucks around, we can get the case dropped.
You know, if there's one thing -- I just don't understand you, not one single little bit
I don't care if you kill me like you're killing him
I'm not gonna tell him nothing; but if he finds out, he will kill you
Well, if he calls in, tell him to get in touch with L
I would say that is looked as if she wasn't coming back.
I can't do it even if he's gone.
I'll see if I can find out where.
Listen -- if you don't pull me out of this swamp of boredom -- I'll do something drastic.
From a water buffalo if necessary.
Then if the police get me -- you won't be around to laugh!
What'll you do if one of them catches you?
The insurance Company would be a lot happier if you slept in your bed, not the wheelchair.
Jeff, if you're squeamish, just don't look.
Well, -- if there was one less thread this way --  -- and two less that way --  -- I might give up bachelorhood.
Jeff -- if anybody walked in here, I don't think they'd believe what they see.
They can look at me like a bug under glass, if they want to.
Do you suppose it's ethical to watch a man with binoculars, and a long- focus lens -- until you can see the freckles on the back of his neck, and almost read his mail -- do you suppose it's ethical even if you prove he didn't commit a crime?
Lots of wives nag, and men hate them, and trouble starts -- but very, very, very few of them end up in murder -- if that's what you're thinking.
I don't know what you consider it -- but if you don't stop it, I'm getting out of here.
Jeff -- if you could only see yourself.
You might have to, if you went with me
Now if you'll let me explain --
Almost as if it were being written especially for us.
We'll make a list and if we're still stuck then we ought to get some advice--
You mind if I try
A minute ago you said you didn't care if he drinks.
You know if the boy ever talked to a psychiatrist?
I promise nothing'll happen if you do
I can't talk to you if I don't see you.
Even if you just want to talk--come in and shoot the breeze
I mean if he had the guts to knock Mom cold once I bet she'd be happy and I bet she'd stop picking
One thing I know is I never want to be like him.. "If he could" what
They think I'll make friends if we move
You can talk about it if you want to--I know about it anyway
I feel as if I'm walking under water.
Even if I'm near a fire, I'm cold
If you have children--Oh I hate the word!--or if you decide to adopt one--they can carry on and you'll never even notice
In fact, if you lock them in you never have to see them again, much less talk to them.
I want him to teach me how and I bet he won't get mad if I goof
Would you like to go home if we can arrange it
I mean sometimes if we can't get as close to somebody as we'd like we have to try making them jealous--so they'll have to pay attention
If you say that, if you keep saying that, they will kill you
They won't be able to remember... if it was three, or four... or five
I can't keep them from leaving if I don't get a gun
I wouldn't be surprised if I walk in there, pull a handle and hit jackpot
She's getting you to help us... 'cause she knows if you don't, you're dead
They'd have killed you if you weren't me, Rudy
What if she sees you, man, sees what you look like... and it's not there
Lock ourselves in the whole week, drinking wine, taking baths, man, see if they got those room service steaks... anything I want to do
Switch seats with me if you're not taking my money --
Thanks, don't mind if I do.
You can torture me if you want -
So you can move into a halfway decent place without Scagnetti thinkin "what the fuck." And if Scagnetti ever wants to make a surprise visit, you're gone that day
Eddie, if I was a pirate, I wouldn't throw you to the crew.
No shit, he's gonna fuckin' die on us if we don't get him taken care of.
They got a line, and if you cross it, they fuck you up.
White and Pink come with me, 'cuz if Joe gets here and sees all those fucking cars parked out front, he's going to be as mad at me as he is at you.
You gotta know whether they got liquid or powdered soap, whether they got hot water or not, 'cause if you do your job when you tell your story, everybody should believe it
And if you tell your story to somebody who's actually taken a piss in this men's room, and you get one detail they remember right, they'll swear by you.
Well, if this crook's a Brewers fan, his ass has gotta be from Wisconsin
Now if it's a manager, that's a different story
So if one's givin' you static, he probably thinks he's a real cowboy
After that he'll tell ya if he wears ladies underwear
What if the manager won't give up the diamonds?
But once again, at the risk of being redundant, if I even think I hear somebody telling or referring to somebody by their Christian name...  ...you won't want to be you
Joe, if you kill that man, you die next
Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
And if you think Joe's pissed at us, that ain't nothing compared to how pissed off I am at him, for puttin' me in the same room as this bastard.
You could've asked the cop, if you didn't just kill him
Look, I don't wanna be a fly in the ointment, but if help doesn't come soon, I gotta see a doctor
White, if you think "Mr
Who cares if you're Mr
So if you wanna throw bad looks somewhere, throw 'em at a mirror.
Now, I don't know a goddamn body who can help him, so if you know somebody, call 'em.
Now I don't like turning him over to the cops, but if we don't, he's dead
Even if Joe is on the up and up, he's probably not gonna be that happy with us
He will be dead fer sure, if we don't get him to a hospital.
But if they did get away, where the fuck are they?
But if I gotta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin' outta my way.
And I always said if I felt that way about a job, I'd walk
By the way, if you ever go past the Wyatt ranch, have another talk with Elaine.
You can stay here if you like.
Maybe I haven't lived as long as you have, but I know a sight more about people and I wouldn't talk to a mule like you talked to her and, if I did, I'd say how sorry I was
It's all right with me if she teaches you, but I don't want you forgettin' your job.
You might tell a fellow things, 'specially if the fellow's your brother, seems to me.
I don't see no sense to makin' people leave town if they don't want to leave.
Not if I know Mary
An' if you can't hunt 'em and even if you could they'd be tough, what's the use of knowin' how to spell them?
Then if they wasn't alive, how can they be an animal?...
There's plenty of use for reading -- you'll see.. -- and even if I do learn to read, what use'll it be
It would've just been you, if you would've kept your mouth shut.
Actually, I was going to say let me have your computer if you die.
Well, if that's Hanson, then who's the guy with the hand?
I'll be next door if you need me.
Only that if this cat did attack, he's less likely to come back if the two of you were, let's say, together
Ah, yes, which reminds me, who here thinks they'd wake up if somebody snuck into their room and started sniffing between their legs?
So, if one of our little chickadees is taking a shower which one of these buttons do I press to get a close- up?
Look, whatever you say, kid, but the more they're hurtin', the more they need a squirtin', if you know what I mean
What if I wanted to borrow those keys?
Misty, if you want to lose weight go ahead, but do it for yourself, not for some boy you barely know.
Carl says if I lose ten pounds, he'll take me to the University of Maryland Fall Mixer.
I'd forget it if I were you.
Then you know that if I give you a little advice, it'll be good advice.
I don't know if I want to go with you or not.
The acceptance of a secret is an obligation and in this case my dear, the obligation carried with it the necessity of dying if one betrayed that secret
Well, if it's fun for you, it's all right
I almost feel as if I'd never known my sister.
I saw a hangman's noose that she had hanging - waiting  I feel as if I'd never known her.
Bella Romari	If I were not seated, I would embrace you in three movements like a sonata
Half the time you talk as if Shakespeare were not fit to tie your shoelaces; now this sudden humility.
I don't think that you would understand if I told you.
Leave me your address, and if I find anything, I'll get in touch with you.
Yes  yes, if she made that much impression on you, I'm sure it was Jacqueline.
I doubt if you'll get anything out of that woman
But if  you'd like to try, I'll advance you the money to make the trip to New York
Of course, my dear, if you don't find your sister, you can always come back here.
Maybe if I went to New York -- if I saw Mrs
Graham, I mean, what do you think her reaction is going to be if you contact her?
I couldn't face her if I had slept with somebody else.
But if you were?
It's amazing what you can get used to if enough time goes by
You couldn't be like her if you wanted to.
I don't know if I want to do this anymore, I'm afraid..
I don't mind answering the questions so much, but if somebody were to see this...
But even if we had been speaking, I wouldn't have told you.
We were not speaking, if you recall.
Like what they've done, what they do, what they don't do, what they want to do but are afraid to ask for, what they won't do even if asked
I don't know if you understand how your appearance can affect people
But I warn you, if you tell me something personal, I might do the same.
I was surprised that he accepted when I asked if I could stay here until I found a place.
Did you know that if you shut someone up in a room, and the only clock he has reference to runs two hours slow for every twenty-four, that his body will eventually adjust to that schedule
We have a patio if you --
I can't tell you how upset I would be if you were lying.
I'd be very upset, but not as upset as if I'd found out you'd been lying.
It just seemed stupid, I kept seeing myself lying there and it seemed stupid, and kind of, uh, I don't know, and then I was wondering if my dead grandfather could see me doing this, and it just seemed like a dumb thing to be doing when we don't know what to do with all that garbage, you know?
Well, this weekend John was taking out the garbage, and he kept spilling things out of the container, and I started imagining a container that grew garbage, like it just kept filling up and overflowing all by itself, and how could you stop that if it started happening?
You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
Now, if you'll pardon me, I have to go to work.
Besides, even if I decided to fuck his brains out, what business is that of yours?
Maybe if I just saw him on the street I'd have said that, but after talking to him... he's just kind of..
How about if you record over the one we already made
Michael Green, who was also eight, asked if he could watch me take a pee
I said he could if I could watch him take one, too
I could almost understand it if he was screwing these people, almost
What if this tape gets into the wrong hands?
Jesus, I don't know if I can get away
Especially if you want to leave someplace in a hurry.
I keep telling her, you can always add more if you want, but you can't take it out.
Kirkland has asked me to inform you that he has obtained legal representation elsewhere, and that if you have a message for him to leave it with me.
And if Ann can't handle that, that's her problem, like we re all alone in this world, you know what I'm saying
I've got to go to your place to see if he's still there
I've got to see if it's... if it's what we both think it is.
But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive, maybe even bizarre sexual things...
And here all the time I was thinking -- if I ever bothered to think about the good old days -- well, at least there's Rollo
Neuro-specialists par excellence ...if you'll pardon my French
Delighted, Betty -- That is if you don't mind being seen with an older man.
I'm gonna win my way into the lives and hearts of people even if I have to kill to do it
And, um, Mom and I were starting to look over the seating charts again, and we're wondering if you wanted Tony Levin to sit next to the Feldmans, or should he be at one of the singles tables?
I could have made something fancier if a certain someone had let me know that a certain someone was coming for a visit with a certain special friend
I'm really pissed off at you about all this, if you want to know the truth
Call me on my cell if you go out.
As for me, if an audition comes along, hell, LA'S two hours away
In a few days, I might get married, and if I do, then I won't be doing stuff like this anymore
And if they want to drink Merlot, we're drinking Merlot.
Everyone's just going to be holding their breath to see if I'm going to get drunk and make a scene
As if she'd even be attracted to guys like us in the first place.
Listen, I don't know if you even care, but I had to call and tell you again how much I enjoyed our time together and how sorry I am things turned out the way they did
It's a little pricey, but if you wanted to go, I'd be into it
It's not fully proofed, but if you're okay with a few typos...
Miles, maybe it is better if you don't come to the wedding.
Miles, I don't care if you come to the wedding or not.
Did they say what our chances would be if they did invade?
In that book of your, did they happen to detail what would happen if they were hostile?
You can tell me off the record if you need too.
I'd get down if I were you
You brought a posse to my best hideout and you want to know if I mind
I'd be worse if you hadn't come along.
All I'm saying is, you won't trip over me if you look her up.
But if you wind up on the wrong side of this, she's going to get hurt.
He can't hurt me if he's dead.
But it's only true if you let it be
Christ --  Elaine, I know how it looks but...  ... it would mean a lot to Viktor if you'd go with him to the Oscars
I don't know if you know this, Simone, but Viktor and I were married once.
Not if I don't let her.
From a studio point of view, it would be better if Simone stayed single
Would you care if we were?
I don't know if that's going to happen.
Even if you find her, you know the problem with unknowns, Viktor
When they were under contract, we could change their names if we wanted to -- more than once!
Maybe if it came from Simone, if Simone spoke to Mom -- she could straighten things out
I'm sure you'd tell me if you thought it was important.
I wondered if you were ever coming back.
You certainly will if you go to trial -- a jury in this kind of ugly mood
As for a photo -- if you can't do it, I know twelve million people who can.
What if it catches on fire?
See beyond that irrational allegiance to flesh and blood. -- See that with the rise in price of a real actor and the fall in price of a fake, the scales have tipped in favor of the fake.  -- See that if the performance is genuine, it doesn't matter if the actor is real
Besides, I don't know if I'm up for the Amish today
What if they don't want help
What if they're just angry and they want to hurt somebody?
What if she has to pee when she's working
What if it broke
I'd watch your step if I were you, son.
Died in the bathtub... if, in fact, he's really dead
I bet if he were still alive, he'd like to watch.
But next time, it would be nice... if you could JOIN US FOR THE ENTIRE SET!
See if you can follow me, and kill him!
Dammit, Bill, if that girl's still out there, how will you find her
Well that's only if you're in the wrong spot.
It's like as if he's going in a pattern
I'll get if for you.
Well, if your breath is as sweet as your personality, I got a lot to look forward to
What's he get if he wins here?
I guess if there's one lesson I've learned, it's that even misery has a tough time hitting a moving target
Mind if I smoke
Now, if I say go to channel three, it really means go to six.
And if we don't, they're gonna be riding high in a brand new Kenworth.
Our asses gonna be in a sling if we get caught.
But if it can't be done, how's he gonna do it?
But with these down, doesn't that pose a major security concern if, as you say, you have to keep an eye on everything at all times?
So, Bill, if I understand this right, you currently have your penthouse floor under construction?
Call San Francisco, see if they've got anybody in the field doing collateral inquiries for --
Three men were ambushed and shot, two died and had their bodies tossed into the lake, the other has severe hypothermia, possible dementia and will probably be a multiple amputee by week's end... if he even lives that long.
Shit, if you're on a crazy jag, why stop there, why not take Fort Knox with a fucking slingshot or go into Hell after Hitler..
Jack, if the rumors hold and Israel is really the great white whale of snitches, then the mob is looking to put all kinds of bullets into his ass and pour some serious psychotics into the mix to do just that
Only if you really, truly mean it.
So if you think I'mma let your lil' punk-ass, with the dirt I've done for you, in the eleventh hour, sell me off like some fucking field nigger, hand me up to the Feds like y'last chip, then you done gone straight out-your-motherfucking MIND!. ...See, this is one'a them rare moments when y'ass get a chance to be completely honest... and if I'm asking you what you said to Mecklen, assume the shit is rhetorical... so assume I already know.
Buddy, they revoked the deal, they pulled it.... -- this isn't a swap meet Morrey, they're getting Sparazza and the west coast syndicate, giftwrapped, now if that's not good enough --. -- Buddy, it's bigger than that, they want 'em all, Ivy, Beanie --
Alright, fuck it, if we gotta hand 'em somebody from our end and they're being hard-ons about it -- make it Hugo, him I don't mind
And I vibe that kiddo, I do indeed, but it's one'a those fait accompli things, you have to --. -- and you're gonna feel altogether fucked, by me, if you don't handle this
Well, if it's any comfort, I's goin' in to there to act a fool baby
Now if you ain't a dog, which you don't look like --
And this ain't no tryout, tap-dance "show us your shit" thing neither -- if ya'll want this then I'mma go git it for 'ya.
Wondering if they're human!
Of course, when we return, we'll be regarded as lunatics if we tell the truth
So how will we describe it, if we choose to describe it at all?
Kelvin, if you see anything unusual...
I thought maybe, if they let you bring personal effects, you might have snuck some through, because... well, I've been thinking about it.
I've decided that if it is God, it's a sick God
Even if I remain passive
He's thinking: If I can figure out how to make it stop, than I am smarter than it is, and therefore it cannot be God.
But what if Solaris is what there was before The Big Bang?
How could we know what Solaris is up to, if anything?
And I just want to know if I'm crazy or not -- if what I think is happening is actually happening
I'm told not to say anything about it on the phone, in case it's tapped... they think it's best, safer, if I go away, at least till Venza's found.
Let's just see if a mugger gets me.
How could he do that if he's in jail and they've thrown away the key...?
Just checking to see if you're here.
Not if you don't want me to.
Garber's not bein' straight with the witness, she could be in deep shit if she identifies him, and it's my job to convince her she won't be.
My ass if falling.
But stay with her if you can't
It'd cap it for Garber if he could bring him in.
And if you'd rather go to a "singing lesson" than have dinner with your father...
Cause if you get in a bind--
What if the world ends tomorrow?
What if you get hurt?
Even if you've heard them a million times in every stupid pop song ever written.
Even if they're not clever.
It's as if he's somewhere else..
Do you mind if I come too?. -- but at least Aunt May's okay now
Really gets to you if you let it.
A bit melodramatic but if you could prove it that would tie in your unified field theory, the Big Bang, Kaluza-Klein--
I asked if you felt like a drink--
Forgive me if I don't feel too sympathetic right now.
Excuse me if I'm impertinent, but-- how did you become whatever it is you are?
Three's a crowd, especially if you've got to cut your way through barbed wire
What if she don't want me?
I don't care if they wear galoshes!
But wouldn't it be smarter if I went out and kept Schulz tied up?
And don't blame me if you all wind up in the cooler.
Let's see if we can catch the BBC.
Look -- if you don't like the way I'm handling this job --
Because if anything goes wrong out there, this time you won't have a patsy
Lay off, I said -- if you don't want your head handed to you.
See Oscar Rudolph of Barrack 7 if you want to enter a yacht
Is it all right if we smell it?
No, but I'd stay out of Sickbay for a while if I were you
And if he is, he'll do anything to find that doorway again.
Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
Captain Kirk, I'd be honored if you would give the order to get underway.
Excuse me, gentlemen, if you'll take your seats.
Of course, if Spock were here, he'd say I was being an irrational, illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that.
It's like you always said- if something's important enough, you make the time.
Actually, I'm here to see if there's anything I can do for you.
What if I told you I found a new truth?
Not if it means killing over two hundred million people
Now if you'll excuse me...
The timing is very important on my experiment- if it is not completed within the next twelve hours, years of research will be lost.
I'd be grateful, Admiral, if you'd give the word.
And if they don't.
As surely as if it were my own
But if there's even a chance that Spock has an eternal soul -- then that is my responsibility.
You are my best officer and if I had a best friend, you'd be that too
What if he melded with someone else?!
I'd have given my life if it would have saved his
I only meant, my lord, that if it's prisoners you want --  There are life signs on the planet
But what if they went -- nowhere?
We'll lose them if they go in there.
Khan, listen to me -- if its me you want, I'll have myself beamed aboard
Admiral, if we go by the book, like Lieutenant Saavik, hours could seem like days.
And no way of knowing if Reliant is still in the area...
It might help my analysis if I knew what Genesis was.
Your mistake, if I may be so bold, was promotion
Regula I is a scientific research laboratory, if memory serves...
Uhura, if you don't hear from us, there won't be anybody behind
Captain Spock, if you do not hear from us within <u>one hour</u> your orders are to restore what power you can, take the Enterprise to the nearest Star Base and alert Starfleet command when you are out of jamming range.
I'll be in my quarters if needed, but I would prefer...
Regulation 46-A: 'If transmissions are being monitored during battle...'
Are you asking me if we are playing out that scenario now, Lieutenant?
May I remind the Captain that if a Starship enters the zone --
Sorry if I spoke out of turn.
I don't know if you'd got the whole picture but he isn't exactly working on all thrusters.
Now if you'll follow me, I'll introduce you to the Institute's pride and joy.
You might have lived a longer life if you'd stayed where you belong.. ..
We have the two perfect whales in our hands, but if we don't move quickly, we'll lose them!
He meant what you were saying on the tour: that if things keep on the way they're going, humpbacks will disappear forever.
Admiral, if we were to assume these. whales are ours to do with as we please, we would be as guilty as those who caused their extinction.
Nobody pays any attention to you if you don't swear every other word
Admiral, if I may: we're probably already visible to the tracking devices of the time.
Keep the nose up if you can --
Sulu, if you please.
Professor Scott, if you'll --
Do you mind if I ask a few questions...?
I wonder if you're aware of the trust you endanger, Jean-Luc Picard
Data, if you were following the boy and discovered this ship...
And if you tag me... then I'm it.
Will the structure hold if we blast through?
What if he doesn't realize something's happening..
Even if it doesn't, they'll be teaching kids as the Academy not to do this for years to come.
I wouldn't be surprised if history remembers this as the Riker Maneuver...
Commander, if one of their weapons hits that gas...
Sir, inertial coupling is exceeding tolerance... if we don't release him, he may destroy both vessels...
Sir, if we fire a tachyon burst, it may force him to reset his shield harmonics
But it would be better if we could contact... our friends.
Because if Cochrane dies... the future may die with him.
We need to break the warp barrier in the next five minutes if we're going to get their attention.
Yeah... if I knew what it looked like
I don't care if you're from France or Venus... just take me with you.
A key piece of the ship has been destroyed... and our only hope to reconstruct it is if one of your photographs shows us what it looked like.
And if they succeed, humans won't make First Contact with the Vulcans tomorrow
Assign another team if you need to
Mister Worf... find Data if you can, but your top priority is isolating the Borg.
I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it.
Damned clever if you ask me...
Well, if you've got any bright ideas, now's the time to -
I mean, if this new Bird of Prey can fire while she is invisible...?
Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you?
What are you in for, if you don't mind me asking?
So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ?
Would you have known if she had
But if she's cloaked...
Captain, if they fire at us with our shields down --
If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here
I would feel awkward if I had to give you a tour of OUR vessel...
When whoever it is makes their move, you won't be here to ask if he's the one.
Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed...
The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy...
Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing, wondering if we detect her.
Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
And if they're still in place?
You can check the torpedoes visually, if you like -
It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did.
An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth.
Let me know if you need anything.
I'll probably get some old battle-axe of a doctor who'll tell me to eat my vegetables and put me on report if I dont show up for my physical on time!
But even if they were, he would not be me.
Mind if I keep him here and run some diagnostics?
Captain, I don't know if the transporter...
Take it from life support if you have to -- everything you can give me.
What if we target all phasers in a concentrated attack?
Get the lay of the land, If the Empire becomes unstable, it could mean trouble for the entire quadrant.
I promise you in time, she'll become your home ...If I could offer you one piece of advice?
There's no foreseeable danger... and your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
Now, if youll excuse me
So if I gave you my life, what would you do with it
And if you had lived my life you would understand that there is a great respons- ibility in representing the Federation
Above allyou're trying to decide if you can trust me.
I'm gonna be here if you need anything.
We've been back and forth on this all day and keeping in mind the panic that would occur if this got to the general public, it's been decided not to expand the search at this time.
What are my orders if we find this thing?
I don't know if it's the only one
I don't know if it was left here by accident or it's part of an inva...
I don't know if the radio balloons work above your planet
I don't know if my words went to the ship
I feel better if I move.
I'll decide if I go or not
You'll get into trouble if you don't
I won't tell anybody if that's what you're worried about
It's easier not to tell if you don't know.
Would be kinda neat if they were
It looks like we might be the welcoming committee, so I think we should try and figure out what we're gonna do if we have to come face to face with this creature.
What were we going to do if that had been the ship
But that shouldn't matter if there's a reward, right?
Lenny, if Tran finds you talking to me he'll hurt you.
So I say to myself, if I turn the job down, he just gets somebody else
See, if you packed your piece you could've made the guy see sense.
And I mean this... if Faith stays you go away and never come back
If she wants to go, if she's unhappy here, she can go
What if you're wrong?
You know what this tape could do if it gets out.
She said "If they get me"
I know you wouldn't be saying all this if you didn't care about me
I just need to ride up front and take some notes, if you don't mind.
Testa, if that's his name, he kept mentioning my feet
Tell me if I'm wrong.
I'd appreciate it if you kept this to yourself.
Don't know if it connects, but Harold here had a thing about eyes
Tell me if you see anything you want
This time, sir, if I may be so bold, would it be possible to set up my equipment outside CIIAC, perhaps in military housing at Quantico
The cut on your arm -- mind if we remove the bandage?
I'd be real careful if I were you.
NPE disappearances, No Plausible Explanation, were sometimes filed there, deleted if the bodies were found.
Let's go someplace private, Murman, I have something for you.. [If you wanted a good steak, you should have gone to Omaha.]. [Ask for Leslie
Be there if you dare
I want to know if you got the part on that television program
Maybe she shouldn't be such a smug little shit because she'd be surprised at what a good dancer he really is, but it's been a long time and he doesn't know if he's ready to...
Maybe it doesn't matter if he's a good dancer cause it's a slow song, if that's what he's afraid of.
Uh, if the guy wants to.
Like if I meet a handsome young man and I wanted to ask him to dance
Then I'll ask if we fucked
You'll have to lay it on the table if you want me to change it.
It's impossible to find if you've never been there
Anyway, I'm so bad at this, if you're not busy I thought you might...
Not if you're serious about it
You can talk to a beautiful woman at a bar without worrying if anyone's watching you.
I thought if you could make it, maybe I could too...
The only way you could know where a place is is if someone who knows brought you there
So, if the party starts at eight, why are we first going to a bar at ten?
So the only difference is if I forget about her or pretend to forget about her.
The only difference between giving up and not giving up is if you take her back when she wants to come back
But you said I shouldn't call if I wanted to give up on her.
And what if I don't want to give up on her?
Damned if I know...
It was kind of a dick move if you ask me.
I don't care if I'm with her or one of her beautiful baby friends.
I'm not paying for a room, and if we don't leave now we'll never make it.
Don't make fun, I think we can get some free shit if we don't fuck around.
First let's see what happens if we play it cool.
I figure if we buy a lot of chips, the pit boss will see and they'll comp us all sorts of shit, then we trade back the chips at the end of the night
No, seriously, if you're dressed nice and you act like you gamble a lot, they give you free shit.
I spend half the night trying to talk to some girl who's eyes are darting around to see if there's someone else she should be talking to
Half of them are nasty skanks who wouldn't be shit if they weren't surrounded by a bunch of drunken horny assholes
You probably coulda hit that tonight if you didn't have to drive us home.
Laugh all you want, but if you call to soon you can scare off a nice baby who's ready to party.
I want you to be the guy in the rated R movie who you're not sure if you like.
Ask him if he wants to stay for a cocktail!
But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would fear you...
That crazy bastard might be going after Sollozzo right now if he's heard the news.
I always asked Freddie if he wanted another bodyguard, but he said no
Besides, if I ever need any advice, who's a better Consigliere than my father.
I need two million dollars in cash...more important, I need a friend who has people in high places; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employees be arrested, they would get only light sentences
They argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender
We might not be in this shape if we had a real war- time Consiglere, a Sicilian
No more stalemate Tom, we got the soldiers, we'll match them gun for gun if that's how they want it
Tom, you're the Consigliere, what do we do if the old man dies?
Barzini's a wolf, and if he tears you apart, the other families won't come running to help the Corleones...
Not so perfectly if you noticed.
All right, if you think I shouldn't
No, I would not like you better if you were Ingrid Bergman.
Would you like me better if I were Ingrid Bergman?
Would you like me better if I were a nun?
Christ, if I could only contact Luca.
I don't care if we have to fight all the five families in New York
I don't care if we all go down together.
Oh no you can't, the old man'd be sore as hell if I let you get mixed up in this.
Is it all right if I go to the bathroom?
You think too highly of me, my friend...I am not so clever...all I want if a truce...
Do you pledge to guide and protect this child if he is left fatherless
You'd say if you mind?
Let's say, for argument's sake, you were here -- perhaps we could split the rent on a house -- I'll get a job -- or, better still, I could get a place in Rome and when we're there we could be there and if we're here we could be here --
But it would be great, though, if you came with me
Come if you want but I thought you wanted to see the Forum...?
The best thing is -- if you want to be a tourist -- grab a cab and we can meet up at the railway station.
Oh God -- I can just imagine -- if only Dickie would settle down... doesn't every parent deserve a grandchild
Go back to New York or call him if you can find a telephone that works, and tell him wild horses wouldn't drag me back to him or his shipyard.
Hey, if I'm late, think what her husband's saying!
Well, if we all pushed him away what about him pushing us away
Peter has a concert in Athens next month -- and he's asked if I want to go along, help out
I feel as if you haven't heard anything I've been saying to you.
He would get so crazy if anybody contradicted him -- well, you know that
No, well go if you want to, but don't talk to the Police about my face -- they find out he hit me -- he's got a temper -- he could've hit Freddie
It's as if Marge is here now -- I look at you and I see her face -- and I can't, whatever I'm feeling towards you -- I just can't...
The truth is if you've had money your entire life, even if you despise it, which we do -- agreed? -- you're only truly comfortable around other people who have it and despise it.
And, if I fall overboard, that'll be your fault too.
Then you meet someone special and all you want to do is toss them the key, say open up, step inside, but you can't because it's dark and there are demons and if anybody saw how ugly it was...
Can you imagine, if Dickie did kill Freddie, what must that be like
Ask him if he's accusing me!
He wants to know if you killed Freddie Miles and then killed Dickie Greenleaf?
You look as if you've seen a ghost...
And if I could remember which hotel he was staying at -- the Goldoni! -- Tom was staying at the Goldoni.
Nor did he ask me every day if I would marry him
No, actually, no, I'd like it very much if you would ask her to come back later.
Yes, if it's going to help, certainly.
Say 6 G's, but if I get the permit it'll be as solid as the Empire State Building.
We can go to another movie if you like, I don't care
If you don't mind, mam, I'd be mighty pleased if you'd go out and have some coffee and pie with me.
What I'm saying is if this newsstand guy's Italian and his fingers are gone, maybe he's a thief.
Like, if they kill a stool pigeon, they leave a canary on the body
Well, If he had been Italian, they could have been shot off
Sometimes the mob does that to teach guys a lesson, If they blow a job or something.
I just wanted to see if you could light it that way
Well, if Cronkite's so great, why don't we run him instead?
Maybe if you'd try thinking once in a while, you'd get somewhere.
Alright, forget it if you're not going to be serious,
Check it out with Andy, and if he okays if, have a copy made for the campaign headquarters in every county
Well, if there's this many hackies inside, there must be lots of fares outside
Look, um, if you give me your name and address, we'll send you the information on how to apply.
Well, if you are, it's entrapment already.
But if you only went to one meeting, why does anyone care
Besides, why should it even matter if you were a communist?
I know that I've been branded a communist, which I'm not, but even if I was, it shouldn't matter, or what do we have a Bill Of Rights for?
Well, if you'd seen Miss Angstrom...
I'm interested in knowing if you remember things you did in your past, or if they've been conveniently "blotted out" as a result of your "accident."
I wonder if you're familiar with it.
That's... well, that's very generous, but if you've already got a store...?
I'm not happy about this, mind you, but if I have to go, at least I'm going in my own bed, the same bed my Lily died in, and... knowing that my son is alive
Not everyone could ante up the price of a ticket, and a chicken's as good as money if you ask me
Pete, if J
Do you remember if you were driving a car
Even if we could, and the move didn't kill him, there'd be very little we could do there that we can't do here
Wouldn't blame him if he was.
Besides, I don't even know if I want to write anymore.
Now, if you play ball and tell them what they want to hear, they'll clear you.
Especially if you're over near the bay.
But if I could answer that, I could also tell you why people are trying to kill people.
Well, I ain't positive, if that's what you mean.
I wonder if you could tell me...
I wonder if you could help me.
I don't know what I'd do if Mitch weren't here.
And if you don't?
I really don't know if I... like you or not.
I feel as if I..
Well, if there's anything else I can do, Mitch...
Or two if you take the coast highway.
I mean, if those birds are for him....
Mitch, if they hear the car starting... if they see movement...
It makes you feel as if they're... they're waiting or... resting... or....
What do you call your lovebird story if not a practical...
I said I wonder if you could help me.
I wonder if you could help me.
Why if that happened, we wouldn't have a chance
Well, all right, but you act as if I'm... all right, all right
How can we go on living here if we blanket the town with smoke?
Look, Mitch, even if this is true, even if all the birds...
They were gone the next morning, just as if nothing at all had happened
Not if they're starting a war.
God would not have given him such gifts if they were not meant for Georgina's cure.. -- pain -- and shock
Now that it seems so close, I wonder if I dare trust my child into any but God's hands
Fettes, the more things are wrong, the more we must act as if everything were right
MacFarlane, I wonder if you know what happiness you've brought those people.
She wanted me to ask you if you would not break your rule and operate
And if you're a real man and want to be a good doctor, you'll see it as I see it.
Not if I have to be party to things like that, Dr
MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man -- and if I have not that, I have nothing
There is much in what I say, Gray, and if you have any regard for your neck you'll leave now and stay away from my house, my school, and from me.
You shall have quarts to drink if you like."  Ah, how he cozened them.
She would if she could.
Georgina's a good child -- a brave child -- you saw how she was during the operation -- but if she can't move, she can't move.
I have every sympathy for you and for the little girl, but if I were to consent to every operation brought to me, I'd have no time for teaching -- and that's a great responsibility upon me, Ma'am -- a great responsibility.
Believe me, Madame, if I were only a doctor, I would undertake this operation at once
How can you die if you're already dead?
But you wouldn't, and I wouldn't if there's some way you don't have to go
Cause if you're losing your mind, I got a right to know.
If you are not interested -- or if you intend to turn me over to your Army -- we needn't waste any more time.
Bobby -- I think it would be better if we didn't see quite so much of Mr
Representation could be sent only if the meeting were held in Washington."  Well -- there you have it.
Perhaps if you could explain a little--
I wonder if we ought to--
I'm afraid of what he might do -- if anything should happen to me.
Carpenter -- if you can't identify yourself, I got to send you over to the Army.
It's a pretty cool place if you're a Martian.
Just so you know:  If you try to stop us, or vamp-out in any way, I'll stake you without thinking twice about it.
I'm tired now.. -- If there's a girl, we could talk about her.
Well if we're in your way we can just eat peanut butter out of the jar in the kitchen.
I knew if we could bring Sam and Michael into the faimly, there'd be no way you could say no.
I guess if I had my choice, I'd like to do something that involves children
If you hadn't met me... if I hadn't liked you..
I wouldn't have given my Mom such a hard time about moving here if I'd known I was going to meet you.
And if anyone tries to get in here -- I've got rope
And if you hear anything, anything at all you let loose the siren
Didn't think you'd use that fibrillator on Norris if you were one of them.
And if anyone tries to wake me...
And if it got to Clark..
Damn if I won't.
Look, if you're going to keep bitching, MacReady -- Palmer's offered to take him up...
Would I be asking if it were there?
What if it doesn't come?
Your mother would be very cross with me if you got hurt
How can they just go back to work as if nothing happened?
And if the truth is so horrible that it will haunt your dreams for all time?
You wouldn't know him yet but you'll just love him, he's divine, if a little dour
Well, much obliged -- I'm always forgetting the confounded brake -- say, if you wait until I get her up and running I'll give you a perambulation
Emma, I swear to you -- if I've learned one thing, it's that moments like this are rare
If I'd only done this, or that, if I'd arrived ten minutes earlier, or later
You may not like hearing them, but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance --
At his party he asked me if Uncle Alex was coming
Then he asked me if you didn't like him anymore.
Damned if I can keep her out of my equations.
Keep the fire burning if you can.
Kalen will tire you out if you let him
Then if Emma turns me down will you marry me?
Now if you will excuse us for a moment.
Your work in the valley, what is that for if not to --
Sir, if I may --
I wonder if that poor girl has any idea what she's in for?
I'm in it as we speak. [Beat] You're haunting yourself right now. [Beat] I guess sometimes we indict ourselves if no one else does
Means we believe in doing his work and fear what the world would be like if we didn't at least try to.
I wasn't pausing to see if you did. [Beat] But, incidentally, you should, because you're birds of a feather.
We were forced to use restrains if that's what you're referring to.. [Uncertainly] In that thing...the Jacket.
His body was found on January 1, 1993, but do you know if that was long after he had died?
They're going to kill you if you don't.
Let's see if they have an address for Becker
We should go there and see if there's still anyone around who might have known what happened to you.
But then I replayed that night in my head -- the parts of it I could remember -- and it was like...I don't care if I was, or am
That's how it works. [Beat] I'm just telling you something you already know, even if you haven't realized it.
Some part of you suspects -- even if you don't know for sure -- that what I'm saying is true.
What you have might well be a syndrome and, if so, it's not one we know enough about to be treating it this vigorously.
You'll die if you keep smoking those in your condition.. [Beat] We will.
You could be killed if they found you out here.
And if I didn't want to come?
Are you sure?. [Shrugging] What if we are
MacKenzie, [beat] what if we are crazy?
Maybe a more effective one, if you know what I mean.
Being warm, maybe -- but, look, you don't even have a coat and I still have to chop wood to make a fire. [Beat] And, being happy...you tell me if that's simple.
Well, maybe if they were trying to hurt you or one of the kids
I'm sure I could shoot someone if they tried to hurt one of the children.
Well, if I had to guess, I'd say it was some ol' gal, some ol' gal's husband
Could you identify 'em, if ya saw 'em again?
Would you believe me if I told you this whole thing is an accident?
Even if they didn't do it, it times out that they most likely witnessed it
I'd tell you if I knew
I can't figure out if they're real smart or just really, really lucky.
It'd be one thing if these girls were hardened criminals, but Jesus, Hal, this is makin' us look bad
Is he a funny uncle? 'Cause if he is, then he and I got somethin' in common.
I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience.
Well, if you don't mind me sayin' so, he sounds like a real asshole.
You'd know him if you saw him
I don't envy her if she is.
I guess we shoulda made some kinda plan for what to do if we get caught.
See if that's him!
I can understand if you're thinkin' about it
And if you hadn't come out when you did, he'd a hurt me a lot worse
And if I haven't, I wanna take this time to thank you, Louise
Well, I figure if you take a state policeman, shoot up his car, take his gun and lock him in the trunk, it's best to just get on out of the state if you can.
But if you ever met my husband, you'd know why I just can..
I just told him if he ever gets to Mexico to look us up
To find out if he knows anything
I wonder if Jimmy's gotten back.
I wonder if Darryl's home yet.
So what if he was
Then what difference does it make if we stop
I still have to ask Darryl if I can go.
I don't know if I'm ready for this, man.
What if you're wrong
Love a little bundt cake if you have some!
But Jesus, Pat, if she's as special as you say, she's going to want to hear about the things you did.
That's right -- if you weren't you would've looked for her yourself!
I don't know, maybe you could poke around for a half day and see if she has five kids and a Labrador.
Look, if it wasn't you who sent the letter, and it wasn't me who sent it?
Well it's the company motto: 'If you ain't happy we'll send you the extra minute.'
He said he would've popped the question a lot earlier if Warren wasn't in my life
See if you can find some cookies.
If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... well, you got yourself a keeper.
Then why you going out with him if he's a schlep?
Meaning these are the people you live amongst, you got a right to know if they're creeps
I did it because because I'd never stopped thinking about you and if I didn't find you I knew my life would never be good again.
I mean, if you can afford to lose some money.
I mean dumb in the sense that they only happen once a year.. 'Cause I thought maybe you and I could go if you weren't already taking someone.
It's no big deal, whatever I mean, if you want.
So listen, uh, I was wondering if maybe you wanted to go to the prom you know, with me.
What if the Soviets don't see the distention
What if they make the same mistake I just did
What if I can't?
Something everyone'll stand by even if they don't like it
As if dealing with the Russians wasn't hard enough, we gotta worry about our own house.
I don't even know if we've got secure communications with half our embassies since that the Soviets got that cryptographer of ours.
So if there are alternatives that make sense -- and I'm not saying there are -- we need 'em
And if there has been a coup and there is no acceptable political solution?
What if there hasn't been a coup at all
What if it's you two who invited that second letter by raising the possibility of a trade?
How do we work with them if there's been a hard-line coup?
Just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense Warning comes on.
We also tell them if they go public about it, we deny it and the deal is off.
Oh, just a bunch of crap about withdrawing our Jupiter missiles in Turkey if the Soviets'll do the same in Cuba.
You'd worry that something was wrong if Congress offered you unconditional support.
And it'll ruin any chance of surprise if we decide to hit them.
And if this is a move to appease the hard line, then it may just be the bone he needs to regain control of his own house.
I'm on federal land, doing a federal investigation, and if you don't wanna cooperate you can take a ride in a federal car, and spend the rest of the day in a little room, answering federal questions
It's over.. -- if they mine uranium there, these people will have no place left to go...
Watch the grass, watch the trees, watch the shit house, be on your toes, and if we get committed, don't hesitate to empty that sucker.
He wants to know if you ever watch the Cookie Monster
But if my partner finds out you're here, you're gonna be reading rat tracks in Sioux Falls Maximum Security.
With an Indian representative out there, we hope to keep hostilities dormant; this is a COINTELPRO, Selective Operations Unit, and it'll be easier on Agent Couture if you can gain the people's trust and maybe --. -- yes, Teton Sioux
I get thrown in solitary until I don't know my own fuckin' name, and then you people tell me I can beat nine years if I help you
If you're not Top Gun, if you're not fighting jets, you're not gonna be able to act like a fighter pilot..
My gift is I just know what people mean, even if they can't say it
One person says something and if the other one accepts that it's true, the one who says it, gets to take one item of clothing off.
I don't think so, but if that's what you want...
What if you kill yourself
I guess if I live long enough, I'll get to it
What if he's not?
CHARLIE And if he's harmless, you disengage.
What if Captain Dawson had come with me?
BUT IF I LAND THIS THING UPSIDE DOWN
Hey, if it was easy, everybody would want to come up here and do it....
Then, if someone shouts "Wolf, break left!"..you react right away.
Easier to clean the cockpit if it comes up in big chunks.
Just once, if they take your plane away.
I think that if you do, if you choose to come back, you'll be a better pilot... a better man.
Man don't know if he's been to Mars or not
And if you wanna breathe, you gotta but his air.
If fact, the only thing I ever worry about is that one day, if the rebels win, it all might end.
And if anybody comes asking...we've never heard of Douglas Quaid.
Well, if this is my delusion, who invited you?
To be perfectly honest with you, Doug, if outer space is your thing, I think you'd be much happier  with one of our Saturn cruises.Everybody raves about 'em.
You asked me to find you if you disappeared
Let us know if it starts moving, Burt.
Heather and I are going to drive around a little, see if we can find that college girl and tell her to get her ass back into town.
We'd be safe there, and we could hike along them...all the way to Bixby if we have to.
Well, I was wondering if we could...
Let you know if we hear of anything.
Only if something happens to me.. <u>I'm</u> best at driving the Cat.
First let's see if Stumpy's still out there.
So what if we just did it...today
You know, if you wanted, we could take a look at those seismographs for her.
I keep thinking, if we were but half serious about money, we should quit being hired hands and...
Ah, but consider this, if we don't finish the roof, we can looks at that sky all the time.
But I'll tell you, if you ever wanted proof God is a man, this is it.
Do you know if anybody is doing any blasting or drilling or anything like that?
Eddie, if I wanted to make love with you again, I'd do it sober.
Well I know that you're innocent, Shu -- even if you forgot.
I'm sorry if I've ruined your day, Mr
I'm wondering if the murderer will ever kill again.
Do you think that if you were falling in space you would slow down after a while or go faster and faster?
Kill me right now, if you are.
How can I be together if I'm not together?
And he couldn't swallow and they rushed to him and loosened his collar and they were asking him if he was alright and he started to turn blue and his eyes started to roll back into his head and he still couldn't get the fish eye out and they tried to do a Heimlich maneuver
Even if it offended someone, I wouldn't eat a fish eye.
How would you know if Bobby didn't give her that?
As if I didn't know.
He recommends that we continue to respond as if we're going to trial.
But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission.. ...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.' Is that what happened to Deborah Ann Kaye
Do you mind if we walk while we talk?
I could subpoena him if I had a week.
Especially if you were unprepared.
You tell me if you're playing 'chicken,' or you mean it
Frank: I don't think I'm talking out of school, but I just heard someone offer you two hundred grand... and that's a lot of money... and if I may say, you haven't got the best of records.
Not if you don't grow up...
If I'd... if I'd..
You can't work if you can't think
What if it wasn't you that I came back to see?
You -- Listen: you said to me, 'if not now, when...'
As if by magic, charges against him are dropped, he's released from jail
Mister Secretary - if they link up with those others near Fresno...
I probably wouldn't be able to get to them if I tried...
I wonder if they're going through this too...?
Let's see if we can find something to eat...!
Couldn't you try to communicate with them first - and shoot later if you have to?
I warned you Civil Defense people to be ready if you have to evacuate.
What if it isn't over?
Crawl in and see if the fire is blazing high enough now.' And she pushed Gretel toward the oven
It gets under your skin if you let it.
Hell, if having a screwy family made you crazy, the world'd be one colossal nuthouse.
I don't think that's the case here, but if you're really worried, have a doctor check him out
I don't know if it has, really
It's just that we have something to propose to you, and wonder if you'd stop by the offices
If something goes wrong up there, the other eighteen people aboard can't be wondering if he's gonna do his job or not.
That's like wondering if your mom and dad do it
I thought we'd have a better chance if I headed into the wind so we could spill air from our sails.
Well, we thought we'd drop in and see if you were all still in one piece.
A romp through the Caribbean on a sailboat sounds more like a vacation than an education if you ask me.
It's very bad luck if you kill one
Yeah, well you're really gonna have some bad dreams if we find out you didn't.
You will if you wanna eat
Even if you beat it, you'll never get another commission
Yeah, well, if he says that all that flab turns into dick at midnight, he's a liar.
I'd just soon have a paper bag rather than a plastic one, if it's same to you.
Asked me if there was a contract out on 'im.
Only if necessary, of course, and only in my own country.
Let's head for Texas and see if we can pick up the trail.
I'll be damned if that wasn't a wrong number?
I'll meet you, Marietta, if that's what you want, but I'm against it.
Marietta, I was just gonna leave and see if I could pick up their trail.
I don't think Sailor had much to begin with, if any, and Lula took the six hundred she had saved in the Cherokee Thrift.
You call soon's you got somethin', even if it's three in the a.m.
I'll hire a hit man if you don't want to help me stop this thing
Pace, your daddy'd love you even if you didn't have no hair at all.
What if he don't like that I don't got his color hair.
See if we can get some work?
I'll be damned if I'm leavin'
Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks..
Wouldn't it be fabulous if we somehow stayed in love for the rest of our lives?
You want to tell me what, if any, real thoughts you had lately?
Mama... if you get in the way of me and Sailor's happiness, I'll fuckin' pull your arms out by the roots.
What if I told you not to?
What if I asked you not to?
I'll wire you some money if you tell me where you are.
We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard.
Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me
I mean, if you didn't know what it was about, why were you writing it?
First I see if Hannah will let me borrow her car.
Just once I'd like to know if the little bastard is telling the truth.
I don't seem to remember you actually asking me if you could invite 200 people over to trash my living room.
I'm not even sure if he's --
Even if I end up going to jail....
Well, let's see if we can keep that from happening.
I don't care if they expel me
Can I -- I mean -- do you mind -- if I wear this again
Things -- things are a little weird with me right now and I -- well --I have enough blame to shoulder these days without having to take the blame if something bad happened to you
And if you hang around me long enough, something bad is going to happen, trust me
However, I think it's best if, for the moment at least  ...we abstain.
He wanted to know if a Grady Tripp lived here and drove a dark maroon 1966 Ford Galaxie 500 with black interior.
It's the best way to see if someone's breathing.
I guess you must be, if you know the combination to his closet and he doesn't mind your being here in their bedroom like this.
And I was wondering if it might not be different if, maybe, when you wrote, you weren't always... under the influence.
Anyway, I was wondering if I could borrow your car
I would if I knew where I was taking him.
I'm sorry if things didn't work out so well for you tonight
I don't know if she'd want me to tell you that, Grady.
There are more but I don't know if you would have heard of them
You'd recognize it if you tasted it.
I doubt I'd recognize a '63 Chateau Latour if I was sitting on it.
Only if it's no closer than a hundred feet.
I suppose if you're looking for a male between the ages of thirty and fifty, medium height, medium weight, medium build
Henry puts his hand over Adele's mouth and says, "If you scream, little girl, I'll kill your mother." And of course little Adele doesn't scream, doesn't cry, doesn't make a sound
Think anyone would miss you if I threw you out the window right now
Then you won't mind if I look around.
You don't want to know, but he's damaged goods -- real damaged goods, if you know what I mean.
I'd keep away from him, if I were you.
What will happen if I do?
Birds know I watch them, but they don't mind because they like being watched... if they know you won't hurt them.
I don't know... if she will ever... forgive me
You know that if anything happens, I spend the rest of my life in prison
Then how do you know if your patients are getting better?
I'm just saying that Carlos has a thing for his daughter, and if he isn't careful he's going to suffer.
Because if you did, I know a therapist named Ryan
And if you asked them about what they did to me, they'd call you a fucking liar and then beat the shit out of you.
Look, goddamnit, if you won't do something about it, I will.
We've got about 12 hours worth if we close off the sections we're not using.
I can get power to this module and sub-bay if I remote these busses
One Night, see if you can get that transmitter working for me, okay?
What good's the money if your dick drops off in six months?
You don't need to know the details of this mission... you're better off if you don't.
We need early warning if the Soviet craft try another incursion.
Hippy, look... if was can prove to Coffey it's not Russians, maybe he'll ease off the button a little.
We use it if we need to go really deep.
Sir, if you have no objections, may we start the search?
So, even if I did say them, I was sincere with her, as I am now with you.
It's better if it were absurd
Because if you told me right now: "Claudia, I love you," I would believe you...
It's not that; it's that you can say certain things easier if you're alone
The only thing was -- if I remember correctly -- that she said she had a need to be alone.
It would be a lovely surprise indeed if he turned out to be the sentimental type.
Would you please see if Sandro is with him
And tell Corrado, too, that I'm here... if he wants me
They're all nudes, if I'm not mistaken.
What if it starts to rain?
Because if you saw those ruins I'm sure you would have said they were very, very beautiful
Do you mind if I ask Raimondo to go with him?
And just think -- if there ever was a woman so right, so perfectly cut out for all kinds of dissipations, degradations, infidelities... of.. . of... of debaucheries, it's her
Even if I sent it, the editors wouldn't print it.
Now listen, if I had any information, I wouldn't have come here to ask you
To tell you the truth,  if it wasn't for the fact that one hundred thousand lire represents my whole month's salary, well..
And if they didn't sleep well I'm certain the next day they were cranky as mules
Mommy I'll get bigger and bigger every day and then I'll pop but... but if I stay little it won't happen.
I want you to remember if you can a night last January
I feel as if I've eaten glass.
How can I be a mistake if I'm really here
Because she says if I don't watch out I'll have a baby.
I can't help it if I'm stupid.
How would that person get one if they didn't want one?
What happens if the bell rings and you're under there?
They have a soft spot on their heads and if you drop them so they land on their heads they become stupid
She said all of God's angels would want to sleep beside me if they could
Oh, we just wonder if you can be very objective about this case.
Would it stop you if I did?
Do you suppose the saints would have smoked if tobacco had been popular back then?
She's happy with us and she could go on being happy if she was left alone.
Oh God, if only I'd known.
And when my husband died and I came here, she wrote to me and asked me if I would take care of Agnes in case anything happened.
She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to.
You may smoke if you want to
Oh yes it is and if they don't turn up I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the...
Buster, follow that car, there's a sawbuck in it for you if you get real close!"
Anyway, you won't meet Susan if you don't cooperate.
Here's this kid trying to give me his utterly valueless opinion when I know for a fact within four weeks he'll be suffering from a violent inferiority complex and loss of status if he isn't wearing one of these nasty things
Eh, I don't know if you realise it, but ...
Look, if she was a Liverpool scrubber ..
Anyroad, I only fancy listening to you ... that's all but if it worries you ... well ...
And if they get you on the floor watch out for your brisket.
That sergeant's a body-blow veteran if ever I measured one
Before you go, I think it's only fair to warn you about me Grandson ... don't let our Paul have his own way all the time, 'cos if you do he won't respect you!
With a trombone hooter like yours it'd be unnatural if you didn't.
The office was on the phone, they think it'd be better if we pushed straight to Wolverhampton.
Well ... if he's your Grandfather, who knows?
You can't trust you with anything, Norm, if you've lost him, I'll cripple you.
You can get one if you have the credit
I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise.
I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability.
I hope you won't need me, but if you do, I'm here.. -- And the cooling unit on the other.
I've had better cag than this, but I've had worse too, if you know what I mean.
We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it
In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it, you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with.
It'll yank him right off his feet if he's not expecting it
We can haul him out of there if we have to.
Yes, and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured.
You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it.
But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow.
We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door.
I know it looks like a senseless jumble, but if you look closely, there are recognizable forms.
But if we <u>haven't</u> caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway.
Chaz, if it's an organism, and we let it in, the ship will be infected.
Bloody big if it is
You wouldn't get me up there even if it wasn't night.
See if you can get someone to check out the chopper.
I think if those Marines from Powell don't shift their butts getting here, we're gonna get caught up to our necks in the middle of something we shouldn't.
Then if you won't get out, I'll have you thrown out.
After you change, if you're not busy elsewhere, we can have supper.
Even if I wanted to - as you say - be less humble, blow my own horn... how would I do it
However, if I may a suggestion...
He listened to his play as if someone else had written it, he said, it sounded so fresh, so new, so full of meaning...
The air lines have clocks, even if you haven't
I'll marry you if it turns out you have no blood at all.
But if I tell you it is - as I just did
Studying me as if - as if I were a play or a set of blueprints
Kid stuff or not, it doesn't happen every day, I want to heat it - and if you won't say it, you can sing it...
There's really not much time left - I mean, you haven't had a minute alone yet, and - well, I could take care of everything here and meet you at the gate with the ticket... if you'd like.
Why, if you're the best and most successful young director in the Theater-
I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings
I don't care if I never get home.
Your friendship with Margo - your deep, close friendship - what would happen to it, do you think, if she knew the chap trick you'd played on her - for my benefit
No... it would be so much easier on everyone concerned, if I were to play "Cora." And so much better theater, too...
Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented...  ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-
Some vague promises of a test, that's all - if a particular part should come along, one of those things-
I heard myself saying things I wasn't even thinking... as if my mind were someplace outside of my body, and couldn't control what I did or said-
And don't act as if I were the queen mother.
Well - if she's got to pick on someone, I'd just as soon it was me.
You mustn't mind Margo too much, even if I do...
But if I'd known... maybe some other time..
What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off.... ... and if you'd come in the middle, I'd have stopped, I couldn't have gone on-
Well, if you'd been here to begin with, I wouldn't have dared to read at all...
And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.
Especially if you're me between now and tomorrow morning...
Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch...
Well - if I'm not in the way...
And if I can't tell they apart - how can he?
They carry on and misbehave - they'd get drunk if they knew how - when they can't have what they want
I couldn't be more surprised if she'd said Grant's Tomb.
If - instead of waiting until next season to do 'Footsteps on the Ceiling', which is in pretty good shape - and if Margo can be talked into going on tour with 'Aged in Wood' - we could put 'Footsteps...' into production right away...
You know, I've been going over our financial condition - if you'll pardon the expression...
Then you listened as if someone else had written you play - whom did you have in mind
I'm lied to, attacked behind my back, accused of reading your silly dialogue inaccurately - as if it were Holy Gospel!
Now I feel as if I'd suddenly taken all my clothes off...
Third, if everybody doesn't like kind of dying on the vine, they can get off the vine and go home. "Liebestraum."
I don't know if this would be a wise move...
And you could do me a big favor, if you would-
Well, if she can act, she might not be bad
What if I went up and introduced myself--think he'd slug me?
A guy called me up with a tip--  --someone named Donald Segretti contacted a bunch of lawyers and asked them if they'd like to go to work with him screwing up the Democrats, dirty tricks, shit like that
Call him anyway.. --almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat.. --has he got an ax?--. --I know a lawyer at Justice--. --shit, who do we know?--. --if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again--. --I know, I know--. --we gotta top the Times--. --shit--
He's another Ivy Leaguer so he'll probably expect you to be understanding--might surprise him if you're not.
This is terrific work, if you like rejection.
You tell your publisher--tell Katie Graham she's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published
Now if it was Hunt you were interested in--
Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all?
It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President.
Mind if I try?
My paper sent me out to see if I couldn't persuade you to go on the record.
Down to Miami and back--how much damage can I do?. --"I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto." That was your spiel then. "The Lifestyles of Deserters."  I'm still waiting for it.. --that was awhile ago--
I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Miami.. --so?
Ken, I would never print that you were in Marilyn's apartment at night-- unless, of course, you force me to.. --if he did it or just said he did it, God knows.. --it makes the break-in real--it's a major goddamn story--  --I'm not going to kick ass over this, but I'd like you to know I hate getting beat, I just hate it-- don't forget that I hate it--. --there's nothing new in it--. --it would have been nice to have had this, I sure would have liked to have had this--. --what?--
His wife was going to leave him if he didn't stand up and do what was right
Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it?. --right, right, I've got to go
And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it
My big civil rights buddy--  --boy, if John Mitchell was after your phone records, would you be screaming
Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin?. --let me put it this way: I'd have no problem if you did.. --if we wrote a story that said Haldeman controlled the fund?--
Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence
Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House--  --it would be nice if we were right--. --Christ, I wish I knew if we should print this--. --I don't know, I don't know, it feels thin--. --all non-denial denials--we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
Barker's wife called me at three this morning; her husband apparently had told her to call if he hadn't called her by then.
Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel
So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come?
We know that--and if we were wrong, we're resigning--were we wrong?. --you've done worse than let Haldeman slip away, you've got people feeling sorry for him--I didn't think that was possible
I know what it means--Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin
Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City.
I would, if you really ever wanted to know.
But you'd have to tell me if I asked you
The Times had already been stopped from publishing anymore of them and all my legal counsel said "don't, don't" and I was frightened but I knew if I said no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor
I'm so glad you could come, Mr.--. --well, what if your boys get it wrong--. --absolutely--and that's all they do, sit sit sit--every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting--. --well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?--
Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk--. --this White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein?. --correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci--. --quit equivocating, say what you mean--  --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances--. --nobody gives a shit about the Dahlberg repercussions--. --you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions--. --well, Sloan--. --who you got?--
If the money had been in fifties, or if I'd grabbed a different stack, there probably wouldn't have been any Watergate story.
So...would you object if I said you're quite striking?
As if there were any alternative in the matter
But I know Vicky is gonna ask me if I love her
So I had this...thought, and...this may seem like it's out of left field, and I don't know if you can, but since I'm not going with anyone --
Well, if you want to get her in the sack, tell her you love her
Well...dammit, if I'm doing this, how the hell am I gonna watch?
We were playing this game, I don't know if you know it
Shit, if there's any channel that should be illegal, it's whatever that women's channel is
And little hurly-burly came by in her curly-wurly, and asked me if I needed I ri-hide --
Depends if my date wants to stop by.
I don't know if I want to be doing this.
I mean, if by some miracle you can find the werewolf that bit you, and then manage to eat it's heart, the curse is lifted
And if midnight comes before we can get to him, well, then we go together
Hey, Sorry if I was out of line.
So, if you and the nutty professor are both werewolves, what do you want with drugs
Yeah, well what if it's the Weekly World News.... "Simon ate of the heart of the beast and his soul was cleansed."  These pictures are not just myth, Andy
Yeah, well if I claw my face off, just pack it in ice, okay
Yeah, well I don't know much about chemistry, but even if this stuff works, you better find it by midnight
We'll call if any new -
He gets mixed up with a bad crowd and, like they say, if you lie with dogs, you get fleas.
And even then, he came rushing down to tell me, as if I would be just as shocked
He's going to wind up like his uncle if he's not careful.
What if <u>we</u> can't find anyone who loves us?!
But what if we can't ever find where we came from?!
Even if I were - no one's ever going to believe it
You have the qualities of a princess you're poised and strong... and beautiful ... even if you forget a couple dates of family names - she'll know.
Yes - If I can't convince Sophie, I'll never be able to see Tatiana....
Living in an orphanage if someone bothers you - you automatically come up swinging.
Is this what you want?. "If" I accept?
You'll have to become used to it, child, if you accept the crown...
Oh, please, just tell me if you recognize me
Evil, powerful beings - I have their power only if I contain them, control them
Do you have any idea what would happen if that broke?!
Please, if you'd just listen...
Well, you take a meeting with him, I'll take a meeting with you if you'll take a meeting with Freddy.
Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all
I-you know, if one guy is starving someplace, that's... you know, I-I... it puts a crimp in my evening
I don't know, though, I feel so guilty because Alvy is paying for it, so, you know, so I do feel guilty if I don't go to bed with him
But if I do go to bed with him, it's like I'm going against my own feelings
I'm just not... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot
I mean, I-you know, I-I told yuh that if yuh stuck to it, you would be great, and-and, you know, I-I-you- you were sensational.
Alvy, what about... what if we go away this weekend, and we could-
You know I think that if you let me, maybe I could help you have more fun, you know
I'm following you and David, if you-
Were you always funny?. so if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count
Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass  because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian-
Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to
I-I-you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful
Like the tip o'your nose, and if I stroke your teeth or your kneecaps... you get excited.
You should know this about me if we're gonna go out, you know
I don't understand why... if you have a car, so then-then wh-why did you say "Do you have a car?"... like you wanted a lift?
You know, I-I think... if I could pry this door off..
Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?
Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun.
What if she steals more?
Maybe if you're on the Coast, we'll get together and... and we'll meet there.
We're staying at the Pierre... and we're gonna meet Jack and Angelica, and have a drink there, and... if you'd like to come, uh, we'd love to have you.
Uh, well, I'd like to talk to you about that sometime, if you get a chance.
I'm going to ask her if I can touch them.
I would've liked it if you waited until the two of you were on more solid ground.
Don't dish if you can't take it, Sally.
And you are out of touch with reality if you think differently.
I think a lot of this could have been avoided if Sally made more of an effort.
And it's difficult if I... you know
It's better if I don't.
Because, God help you if something happens to that dog?
I'll have Panes if I like.
I'd cut off her red wine if I were you.
We could have three kids yet, if we wanted
No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans.
Well, I...I know it's a little strange, but...I thought it might come in handy if I...needed a scarf someday
Well, if single-handedly vanquishing the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termites makes someone a hero, yes I am.
Then if I go to the worker bar, it isn't improper
It's just that -- well, I'm honored that you selected me, and everything, I just thought the marriage might go a little more smoothly if -- we had a conversation?
Mind if I come in?
So I decided it would be better if we didn't see each other till everything is settled, divorce-wise.
You don't have to if you don't want to --
And secondly -- if you did something like that -- you'd hate yourself.
Maybe if I wore it a little more to the side --  is that better?
Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.
The only thing is I'm staying at the Athletic Club -- and it's strictly stag so if you don't mind --
Well, if you must know -- I fired my secretary, my secretary got to my wife, and my wife fired me
Well, if there's anything I can do for you --
I hate to disturb you, but something came up -- it's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see me -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible.
Four rotten apples in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leaked out --
But if you'd just let me explain --
Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.
I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.
But -- how can I be efficient in the office if I don't get enough sleep at night?
I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no.
I'd get pneumonia -- and if I got pneumonia, I'd be in bed for a month -- and if I were in bed for a month --
You know where I am if you need me.
Mind if I cool this off?
Get that stuff out of her stomach -- if it isn't too late
You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do us a favor?
I'm sorry if it gets noisy --
Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there's any lipstick showing, then rushes off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains
I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.
See if they'll what?
Maybe we should send up two flies -- and see if they'll propagate in orbit.
Hey, Dad -- why don't we put a fly in the nose cone and see if we can bring it back alive?
I wonder if that was the same copter.
Exactly -- you'll go up the Nung River in a Navy P.B.R. -- appear at Nu Mung Ba as if by accident, re-establish your acquintance with Colonel Kurtz, find out what's happened -- and why
You can see, of course, the implications, if any of this -- even rumours leaked out.
Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change.
We'll bomb the shit out of them if they don't do what we want.
You must have been, if he had given you this..
I don't think he'd of shot us on the beach but -- he'd of shot us if he saw me taking the board --
I'd just clear out as soon as I could if I were you, sir
Now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out.
No, Colonel Kurtz couldn't be crazy -- if you heard him talk, just last week, you'd never think he was crazy.
What if I say no.
Sometimes it's nothing more than wondering if the so-called civilized life has bred the balls and brains out of you
Mind if I get some stuff from my kit?. 34   CONTINUED:
Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied.
Cut his mother's throat if it'd get him a couple votes.
Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it.
Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid.
I'll kill you if it comes to it.
Christ if I shouldn't know better than to step in soft earth
And if you or anyone else will back me up on this --
Pretty clever:  If the trappers got that signal beacon and get here in time, Sam's is the first place they'll look
I got a suspect; be real nice if someone came and took him off my hands.
A walk sounds a little screwy to me, if you don't mind.
Grouchy?. 'Cause if you were asleep -- I'm sorry
I had a thought that if you had sex with Simon it might...
Tell me even if you're scared
Your father walked in on you and was yelling and... really, come on.. ... my father didn't leave his room for 11 years -- he hit my hand with a yardstick if I made a mistake on the piano.
I mean -- I didn't know if we'd be eating at any restaurant that have dress codes.
And if I had to guess by your eyes
Next time, if Bryan's not here, you can bring him in.
The table's fine if it had some cholesterol on it
It would be very rough, Carol, if you weren't along.
We don't know if she's coming back
I can help you if you take the responsibility to keep regular app --
I like him enough to batter you unrecognizable if you verbally abuse him or so much as touch his dog again
We will if we can and if we can't, we'll come back and ask you again and again.
How come you're pretending to do cop work -- 'cause I don't think you could find your ass if you were spotted the hole.
The only real enemy you have is her ability to think logically -- the best thing you have going for you is your willingness to humiliate yourself if it gives you one chance in whatever -- so go catch her off- guard.
Well, if that's true then I'm really in trouble.
Wouldn't take it if it was offered
I hope we patch things up but know that if we don't, I wish you both the very best..
Wouldn't your lie be a lot easier if you were not...
And if you're lucky tomorrow Dad will give you another wad of sweaty money.
Okay, if I sit here?
Not 30 years from now... not if there's fire
Not even if you hear a thud from inside my home and a week later there's a smell from in there that can only come from a decaying body and you have to hold a hanky against your face because the stench is so thick you think you're going to faint even then don't come knocking or, if it's election night and you're excited and want to celebrate because some fudge-packer you dated has been elected the first queer President of the United States... and he's going to put you up in Camp David and you just want to share the moment with someone...  don't knock ...  not on this door
Yes...  well, there's one more stage -- trying to figure out if it's any good.
It wouldn't fucking matter if I offered you one hundred million dollars
Jesus, if someone had --
Except, if he doesn't come out of the hotel.
What if he brings it with him?
I don't know if I like this plan.
What will you do if this works, if we get the money?
What happens if you do?
Are you asking me if I believe in another life?
You hang some painting that looks like baby-puke in your living room only if it costs a bundle.
Hey, do you mind if I talk a little
A coke, if they have it?
So, if she doesn't come here today, you're going to have to get her to me tomorrow; after I call, promise?
Okay, you wait at Dave's for my call tomorrow, if you don't hear from me by three o'clock, send that note and get out of the country fast.
Put the others in a locker and write the details in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it, if this doesn't work
And if you're wrong.
But if I'm right, they could be my ticket out of here.
They just need to check if Siberia can slot me in.
Honza says they'll print an open letter to President Havel in next weeks edition even if they have to threaten a walk-out.
You get the wine and I'll go see if I can rustle up some plastic cups.
No, not if you've got better things to do.
Just aiding and abetting if it makes you feel better.
Could you handle it if it was in a good cause?
See if she can donate some paintings or something to hang on these walls, give it a bit of atmosphere.
Don't worry if the old lady's there I'll brick it back up.
No way, it's sealed - if she's in there she's dead.
And if the police stop by - what do I tell them?
Scout around and see if there's something, check that other corridor
Chris, what if I were to cut you in as partner in this project - together we could make it swing, all it needs is a good clean out and the power on, then we're in business.
Sure, they wanted to know if I ever voted Conservative.
I could pencil you in if you like?
Cool....So, if we say eight o'clock.
Look, if you can get them to finish it by Friday, you and your friends can do the opening performance that night.
There's three thousand and if you don't come through, I'm going throw you clean out of that window
That'll cover us if it flops
The way I look at it, I've carried the camel to water and stuffed it's head under - if it doesn't drink now, we might as well shoot the thing and call it a day.
You have the letter and my word, if you wish you may wait upstairs....Now, where are the disks?
Yes, if you can get him free.
What if his accomplices have made copies?
Arrest them all if you have to, but keep those records secret.
I don't think you realise what will happen if those files are made public
What if I do the wrong thing?
But if it doesn't happen, grab for something within reach
I could do it if I tried
I can't know things if you don't tell me.
What if they expel you?
But if you could, you would?
You think if I tell, he'll disappear and that's what you want
You could grace our hallowed halls again, if, while you're here, you make a sincere effort to be part of our little school community --
Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it?
Well, I was on my way to school, and I just wanted to stop by and see if you were feeling okay
How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice?
George, if you don't want Chinese food, pick a place you want to go and make a reservation.
Maybe if I used my left....
And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach.
Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas
Like, what if we run out?
But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go back in time in the first place?. 87 states
Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist?
And if you don't go through with this, she may never be
I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy.
Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon, and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday, she's available.
You better make sure your old man asks her out, because if he doesn't, they may never have a first date
And if they don't have a first date, they won't have a second date
If they don't fall in love, they won't get married, and if they don't get married, you'll never be born!
And if you walked out on the street, you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested
What if you lost your keys?
What if I was a mailman
You can assist me, if you like.
That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain, I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater.
I'll show you if you want.
Wouldn't be here if I hadn't.
Holly's over here, Kit, if you want to see her.
And if she didn't, well, she could take off, just take off, I wouldn't mind..
Just what do you think would happen to her if she stuck around with you, Kit
And if I'm not, well, I don't care
Well, I'd like to leave a message, if that's okay.
It's only that he called last night and asked if I could come by.
I could've held off an army if I could've gotten behind a rock in the mountains.
Mind if I get on the horn and radio the Cavaliers--
Check in with the Institute, Reno, see if everything's kosher.
Quite a guy if you want my opinion.
It wasn't in Penny's purse...so if we have to run this joint upside down and inside out...
Yeah...and maybe more important, if you believe in yourself.
I gotta be honest with myself and not repress these feelings-I've got mixed emotions-I don't know if I can handle this
She must've been a bigger fool than me if she ran out on a guy like you...
I'll shoot yours off if I had a gun, you double-dealing Casanova
These creatures from Planet 10 are ready to exploit Soviet-American tensions and get us to blow each other off the face of the earth, sir, if necessary.
So will you if you stick around.
I know it's late and I shouldn't be calling you like this  believe me I wouldn't have if I could see any other alternative, but I  I'm sorry - listen, how are you  I'm sorry
I'm sorry if that sounds abrupt
All right Barton, I'll see if I can slip away-
I'm only asking that your decision be informed by a little realism  if I can use that word and Hollywood in the same breath.. ...I guess I'm sprouting off again
One, here you make a difference to five hundred fifty people a night  if the show sells out
Even if you got cleared eventually, this would ruin you.
As if my problems amounted to a hill of beans
Jesus, I'm the kind of guy, I'll let you know if I'm bored
I'm sorry if  well I know I sometimes run on.
There's a few people in New York  hopefully our numbers are growing  who feel we have an opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience, create a theater for the masses that's based on a few simple truths  not on some shopworn abstractions about drama that doesn't hold true today, if they ever did...
What kind of work do you do, Barton, if you don't mind my asking?
Neighbor, I'd feel better about the damned inconvenience if you'd let me buy you a drink.
I'm sorry if I let you down.
Colonel Lipnik, if you don't mind.
I respect your artistry and your methods, and if you can't fill us in yet, well hell, we should be kissing your feet for your fine efforts.
Lipnik, I really would feel much better if you could reconsider
Jesus, if I hadn't been honest in my business dealings  well, of course, you can't always be honest, not with the sharks swimming around this town  but if you're a writer, you don't think about those things  if I'd been totally honest, I wouldn't be within a mile of this pool  unless I was cleaning it
Dammit, if all our writers were like you I wouldn't have to get so goddamn involved
He asked if I had an icepick in me yet.
To see if I can get away with it.
To see if he can get away with it.
What if I call you Nicky?
What if I asked you not to call me Shooter?
If I were guilty, and if I wanted to beat that machine, it wouldn't be tiring
Listen, lady, we can do this downtown if you --
How did she know Nilsen knew about it -- if it happened?
At least we should get the stuff to see if we find anything else that's an amazing real-life coincidence.
Only if you're making it.
It's great that people are interested, but if anyone's going to buy anything, I'll handle it for you
Everything goes through the gallery, even if they come to your studio.
She won't buy anything if she sees me working on it!
Manzanita....  ... if one day I die, and you read this piece of paper, I want you to know how much I love you
Yeah, if you have any dimes left. 477- 0496.
I think I'll take the stairs.. "Affair" ... yes, maybe ... if she ...
But a kiss can be even deadlier, if you mean it.
Mistletoe can be deadly, if you eat it ...
But a kiss can be even deadlier, if you mean ... it.
Mistletoe can be deadly, if you eat it ...
Well, I'm... braver at night, if that's what you mean...
Why, if his parents hadn't eighty- sixed him you two might've been roomies, at prep school!
Wonder if it's worth my time.
Intimidate me, bully me if it makes you feel big
What good are all my heroics now if I can't save you?
Alfred, if I've never told you...I just want to say...
For what is Batman if not an effort to master the chaos that sweeps our world, an attempt to control death itself.
Tell me, billionaire, would you warm faster to my pleas if I looked more like Ms
Because if you can't have her, nobody can.
How are we gonna work together if you're never going to trust me?
I wonder if I can get a cell with a view of the gardens?
In time I came to believe that if I became a monster, that if I was feared, I wouldn't be scared anymore
I wonder if she'd go out with me.
Can't tell if you don't say please.
Let's see if you bleed green.
And, correct me if I'm wrong here, but weren't you outsmarted by an acned acrobat at the circus?
You know, if you cut your bathroom in half, you'd have my apartment.
I might consider it if you introduce me to Miss Vale.
How can you do that if she's already off the line?
I don't know if there's enough of me left to save.
What if I could save a handful? -- What if I could save one?
I'll take you home if you'd like.
Vicki, if I say anything cryptic, or... ambiguous, I think you should put the most flattering possible interpretation on it
Because even if it doesn't sound that way... that's how I'll mean it.
And what happens if we say no?
I think they would have mentioned if he was a blind dwarf
And they asked me if we'd like to ... you know... put him up for a while.
Now, If you'll excuse - I have a little smartening up to do myself.
I'm wondering if one of you would have this guy stay in your home instead of some expensive hotel.
I'm er ... sorry if you've been waiting a long time.
Speaking of which - if you'll excuse me ...
It wouldn't surprise me if you wanted to leave us after this
Well, if you find yourself getting tired, take a couple of these.
Bork, can you imagine what would happen if they set that thing off in our nation's capital, or even worse, if they sold it to some damned foreigner at that conference
I'll pay ya twenty if you go back there and do mah husband.
Maybe I am three-eighty-five if you carry a second lien
Let's see if she can get my model back.
I don't know if there's anything we can do.
I guess... if I'm going to be dead, I'll just have to be the best dead person ever!
Only if you got <u>above</u> a C on science.
God, if this is true this is like, amazing
And if we need <u>you</u> again, how do we...?. <u>Don't say his name</u>
It obviously doesn't do any good to pull your heads off in front of people if they can't see you.
They usually can't make the formulas work, but if Otho stumbles on the right words in that handbook... he could hurt you
I evaluate individual cases and determine if help is needed, deserved, and available.
He said if I let him out he would take me over to the other side to find you.
I don't think it would be a very good idea if you told your parents that we're up here.
I can do it if I get out.
What the hell is the point of my moving up here if you people won't let me relax
I'm going to see if I can set up a noise-free zone in the study.
Yeah, maybe if he's nice, he'll let me hang myself from a rope in his barn.
Perhaps if I were properly motivated.
Feel free to use the telephone, and please let me know if you have any discomfort.
In fact, it would be best if you could stay here for a day or two, if that would be would be possible
However, with injuries such as this, I have run into minor hemorrhaging, which really isn't too serious at the time, but can cause secondary problems if not looked after.
The Vice President was scheduled, but he had to cancel, and they asked if you would be interested.
You're so cool and detached - almost as if you were born to it.. ..
Because if one goes, the other goes, and then - boom
He was quite impressed with your comments, Chauncey - he hears my sort of analysis from everyone, but yours, unfortunately - seldom if ever at all.
Well, if that's what you want, then I want it too
Gardiner, my editors and I have been wondering if you'd consider writing a book for us
The current state of our country is of vital interest to us all, and I would like to know if you agree with the President's view of the economy?
Call me if you change your mind about signing
Chance - if you insist on dragging this matter on..
Then if you would please sign a paper to that effect.
Well, if you have any need for any of our facilities, please do not hesitate to ask.
Tell me the truth, Eve - if I wait until I feel better, will I ever meet the man?
Rand if I'm needed.
I'm glad they're along with her, if you know what I mean..
Use whatever agencies are necessary to put together a detailed history of Chauncey Gardiner, if you run into problems, alert Honeycutt
I just wondered if you had gone over my speech, Ben.
Also, I think, you know, if you wouldn't mind too terribly, a little puppet show every once in a while, would do a lot to lift our spirits
You know, if you wouldn't mind too terribly.
If only, I've been thinking to myself, if only I could actually feel what Malkovich feels, rather than just see what he sees..
And then, dare I say it, if only I could control his arms, his legs, his pelvis, and make them do my bidding.
You know, platonically, if that's possible
I need to go back to make sure, then if the feeling is still there
I can get us out of it if you want
Craig, listen, honey, I've been thinking... maybe you'd feel better if you got, you know, a job or something.
You can come too if you like, Schwartz.
A harem, if you will
A harness, if you like
Why, if I were eighty years younger, I'd box your ears.
I apologize if you can't understan a word I'm saying, Dr
She's what they call an executive liaison, and I'm not banging her, if that's what youre implying.
A girl has a right to glow if she wants
We can share recipes, if you like, Darlene.
So help me, if I find out you cheated.
How about this, if I can guess your first name within three tries, you have to come out for a drink with me tonight.
You know, if you ever got me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me
Who knows, maybe if I'm lucky, I'll rejoin you with wings and a beak.
Well, if Mantini wins, Schwartz will leave Malkovich, right
So, if he needs it, I help Mantini's performance a bit, give him an edge
Maxine says she'll leave him if he leaves Malkovich, plus he's been challenged to a puppet-duel by Mantini.
What if she's some sort of witch or something?
To report on his comings and goings, and if need be, to... destroy him...  ...for lack of a better word.
A friendly competition, if you will
Because if you missed any, I just happen to have copies here you can take with you when you leave now.
They love me, darling! "Craig Schwartz is fantastic!"  The New York Times. "If only Craig Schwartz had always been inside Malkovich!"  Women's Wear Daily. "Craig Schwartz - The world's greatest puppeteer!"  Paul Wunder, WBAI Radio.
What if everybody knew
What if we presented Malkovich as the world's most complicated puppet and me as the only puppeteer sophisticated enough to work him
But how will we make a living, my love, if our clientele doesn't have access to our product?
Speak then if ye must.
So if it is charity yer after, then be gone with ye, ye foul demon.
Her little hands...I wouldn't know 'em if they slapped me".
The boys wouldn't have left if Halle were here.
Her little hands..I wouldn't know'em if they slapped me
Ah, winter in Ohio is especially rough if you've got an appetite for color.
Well, if you want my opinion...
Oh baby...I don't know anyone could pay anybody anything for work they did themselves...But if you all need to eat until your mother's well, all you have to do is say so...We have a church committee invented so nobody had to go hungry.
I can't do anything but I would learn it for you if you have a little extra.
OOh, yeah...Don't know if it's the floor or the skating.
Anything white floating around in the woods - if it don't got a shotgun, it's something the Lord tells me I don't want no part of.
Don't jump if you can't see bottom!
Pike if he could stay in the cellar.
I told John must be cold if Stamp stay inside.
Even if you cooked him you'd be cooking a rooster named Mister
What are they gonna pay for us, if we free?
I'm Performing my dance quintet--you know, my cycle--at Crane Jackson's Fountain Street Theatre on Tuesday night, and I'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
Yeah sure, if I'm ever in the neighborhood, need to use the john.
There's no ransom if you don't have a fucking hostage
We'll get that fucking money, if he hasn't spent it already
Walter, if you can't ride in a car, how d'you get around on Shammas--
I wondered if I'd see you again.
So if you'll just write me a check for my ten per cent. . . of half a million. . . fifty grand.
You can't get away with it if the hostage knows who you are.
Listen, Maude, I'm sorry if your stepmother is a nympho, but I don't see what it has to do with--do you have any kalhua?
I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby.
AS IF WE WOULD EVER DREAM OF TAKING YOUR BULLSHIT MONEY!
I'm saying, I see what you're getting at, Dude, he kept the money, but my point is, here we are, it's shabbas, the sabbath, which I'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life and death--
I'm saying if he knows I'm a fuck- up, then why does he still leave me in charge of getting back his wife
Walter, if you're there, pick up the fucking phone
Just ask him if he--ask him about the car, man!
Not if I have anything to say about it.
As if it's impossible to get some nail polish, apply it to someone else's toe--
That's fucking ingenious, if I understand it correctly
I told him if it was during league play--
What if it's during a game?. ...They  gave  Dude  a  beeper,  so whenever these guys call--
Hey, man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to Honolulu, I'd tell her to go fuck herself
But only if there is no funny stuff.
Well, okay, if you've already made out the check
Mind if I smoke a jay?
I hope that my wife will someday learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she doesn't, sir, that will be her problem, not mine, just as your rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility regardless of whom he chooses to blame
I mean, if your wife owes--
But I do work, so if you don't mind--
Or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing--
It's almost as if the virus is re-wiring their bodies, creating new, parasitic organs which consume the old ones.
It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you
We'll never get out of here alive if you don't.
Look, if what you say is true, if there's a chance I could turn into one of them, then I've got no choice, do I
If they're loyal, if they prove themselves, then their masters will turn them.
You and the other Elders wouldn't know what to do with these texts if your lives depended on it
I wouldn't go in there if I were you
What happens if he doesn't take the serum?
I'd buy yourself a gun if I were you
If you start becoming sensitive to the daylight, if you start becoming thirsty regardless of much you've had to drink -- then I suggest you take that gun and use it on yourself
Hey, folklore--. --or incredibly fucking naive.. --which she may have--. --and if she ever did--
But if that's all we've got left--
What--. --great: we can watch Domini sleep for hours--or, shit, maybe if we stay at it for a couple of days, maybe a deer'll dash by!
They were making a movie--if they were going to steal anything it'd be <u>just</u> the tapes, to see if we had anything they didn't.
We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes.
We'll drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsessing on supernatural what-ifs.. --it's not a could've--there <u>was</u>, Nick
His daughter, for God's sake-- I need to know if he's heard from her this morning.
Well, I didn't see him anymore, I'll tell you that much.. ...I don't know if you can fire a psychiatrist, exactly.
What happened?. ...He sent me to a psychiatrist to see if he could calm me down some.
I knew it. 'Cause we wouldn't have heard anything if it was him
You can sleep on the bed if you want.
I just wanted to see if you knew.
I don't know if I explained about the TV option
If you wanna tell me something, fine--. ...You get a refund though, if you tell me who else she's been sluicing.
Well... if you're not gonna fire me I might as well quit.
Nah, I trust ya.. ...Count it if you want.
It's not strictly legal.. ...Well, if the pay's right and it's legal I'll do it.
This white guy walks in about one o'clock, asks if we have a discount for alcoholics..
I had to keep on with him as if nothing was different
What if Frank came over here and found us?
What if I told Frank that you opened me?
You know where I live. if you need to. come to where I live
You can hit me, if you want to.
You can kiss them if you want
How'd you like it if someone sneaked into your house and watched you
Just to see if I could do it.
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert.
I don't want you to get involved, really, I mean, I do, but if something went wrong I mean, like you said, they may be involved in murder.
Yeah, if it opens the door.
I can stall if it's more, but I need time to find a good window .alright?
You all mind if I take my vitamins?
You can change it if you want to.
And if you find her, tell her to come, it's almost midnight.
Would you be bummed out if I didn't go to Chicago with you?
Look, if you really wanna score some dope, I got the guy.
Look, if you really wanna score some dope, I got the guy.
Even if they cut my sentence in half I'll be seventy-three years old
I don't know if the parole board, the judge, the pope or Jesus Christ himself can get me out of here
Because if you are, you have to tell me
Because if you are, you have to tell me
I'll fly it in myself if I have to
I would if I could get some sleep.
It's good if it makes you happy
You can call me Dad if you want.
This is not a negotiation, so if this is okay with you, we can talk further
What if I brought you, let's say, fifty thousand dollars
Do you know how much money I could make if I had this stuff back east?
I think it would be better to call things by their right names; if one means torture, then one should call it torture.
No, it's better if he doesn't
Unless you know how it works, it's better if you sit on the plank and move forward like this ...
Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated.
So, what good is it to us if it's been erased?
Give them a list of people close to Marsh and see if any of them use
Because he wasn't dead when she left, and even if he was, not reporting a natural death in a timely fashion isn't a crime.
What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr
It would be an added stress to his heart.. -- And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine?
I'm just curious to see if Mr
Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine.
The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man.
She wanted to know if there was a drug that would induce a heart attack but could also be used to enhance a sexual high.
He said that if I didn't come back he'd make my life miserable.. -- And what did Dr
He's the one who told me I could get the money if Miss Lawson went to jail.
Because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca Lawson is found guilty the new will is void -- and there's a very good chance the old one would be honored.
That what he really was saying was that the uncertainty of her leaving was driving him crazy and if it didn't stop it was going to kill him
That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it.
He said that if it kept up she was going to kill him
I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking
It's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of doing that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca.
You can take that one if you want -- but there's another copy.
I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow.
You were wondering if I was wearing anything under my skirt.
I don't know if it's something I can explain to you.
I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur
I know -- but she wants you to represent her if Cardenas files.
Maybe it would be a good idea if you just took Michael.
Frank -- I know you're busy, but Michael asked me after dinner if you were angry with him
Not even if they're a dork
Not even if they're a dork?
What if I can't do any of those things?
I don't know if it's as simple for children
Well, he just gets on about how if mama ever needed him, she could find him through the National Geographic magazine
Well, I don't care if it's legal or not, we're not cremating her and throwing her all over some bridge where we can't even go visit her because she's going to be blown all over the place like an ashtray.
I have some sandwich fixings if you're hungry.
You go and call your brother and see if he don't say the same thing.
And if you need anyone to cry on, you know where I am.
Robert, if that happens, you'll have to decide
Don't you understand -- we'll lose it if we leave
And I'll have to wonder if you find yourself in some... housewife's kitchen in Romania if you'll sit there and tell her about your world of good friends and secretly include me in that group.
And if you think that's what this is -
As if the camera weren't on them at all
As if they had no strength left to hide what they were feeling.
How about if I set the table?
Francesca, the last thing I want to do is put you in any kind of situation that would... even though we know it's just -- I mean, it's nothing like that, but if anybody saw us or...
Listen, don't take this the wrong way but, I'm wondering if this is such a good idea.
Good friends I can see when I want, if I want.
Do you mind if I... ask you why you got divorced?
You're asking a man if he's too tired to talk about himself
I don't know if obsessions have reasons
And if anybody tells you different -- you just send them to me.
But if you look at it like it's something you can count on happening, it's actually a comfort
Mind if I smoke?
You don't look like a native, if you don't mind my saying so.
But even if it is too late
Why don't you hang on and I'll see if she's here.
Damned if I know.
You wouldn't know a mule if it bit you in the ass
And if you gonna sell it, don't sell it round here.
The big fat floating 'what if?'  And it's way more profitable
Now the question is, if the good get fucked, what we got saved up for the bad
You woulda done the same thing if you was me.
Sure, if it was really him
But if it's him
Believe me, my old man'd rupture his spleen if he knew we was down here
Cause it's like they say, four can keep a secret, if three are dead.
Look, even if anyone found anything there, it's twenty years ago
Maurice, even if it was true, what are you worried about
I'm going downstairs and see if I can get the furnace fired up
Caesar, I don't know what you're thinking here, but if you don't put down that gun --
We don't even know if he was alone
Not if his body disappears and not if the money is still here
You think he's going to believe me if I tell him his piss-hole son stole it
You don't have to tell me, if you don't want to
I'm going to make myself a drink, if that's okay?
Hey, if Violet was helping me relax, I'd probably do the same thing.
We had a report of gunfire, so if you could --
Listen, if he doesn't run, all you have to do is break down, go to your bedroom and pack some things, start crying, saying you love him but you can't do it
What if he doesn't run?
What if he sees you?
You didn't have to tell me if you didn't want to.
But if it's too much trouble, I understand ...
Yeah, see, I'm kind of a night person, so I was wondering if it wasn't a terrible inconvenience if you could wait a bit before using power tools.
I was wondering if I could ask a small favor?
I heard you working in here and I just wondered if you'd like a cup of coffee?
It's a simple question.  if he would just answer the question, that's the end of it.
I mean, if you're having second thoughts, my offer still stands.
Forget it.. -- that's what they're trained for -- just a surgical strike.. -- <u>inside</u> the house? --. -- if we can get a clean shot --. -- he went inside! --
Even if they stayed in the car, the grid is huge
What if he <u>is</u> working for someone else
What if he turned?
And what if I couldn't do that?
And I'm asking you if this abortion in Marseille has anything to do with Treadstone
The only thing I know is that if I stay here, I'm never gonna find out!. -- we'll tell them what happened --. -- forget it --. -- there's two of us -- we'll tell them -- we'll just --. -- how? --. -- we'll explain it --. -- there's no time --
You stay -- if you want, you stay -- it's okay -- it's better -- maybe it's better -- I don't know --  But I can't stay here.  <u>I can't</u>.
You believe what you want, but I'm telling you the truth -- I never would have brought you here if I thought it was dangerous.
You mind if I take a bath?
Or you could wait if you want
I kept trying things, I thought if I could find all the things I could do, I could --
Just so you know, if you're gonna burn me on the money, you might as well kill me
What if I say no?
What if it doesn't come back?
But, if you help us we'll help you
Do you mind if I use your bathroom?
You can't win the game if you're a man short.
Sam, if you've been going out there and playing a straight bat, all the way down the line, you've got absolutely nothing to worry about.
I'd keep my eyes open if I were you, Sam
Of course you can check to see if she's been arrested.
I used to wonder if they were real.
Me? - if I'm worried about anyone, it's you
And if you don't stamp this form I'm going to blow the place up!
It looks as if you're taking me.
But if they did promote you
I don't know what I'd do if you ever got promoted.
Would you mind if I borrowed your computer console?
A most perceptive choice, Madam, if I may say so
Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures?
Over to the left please, if you don't mind sir
Mind you, if ever they could prove I'd been working on their equipment ... well, that's a different matter ... up a bit with the torch, sir.
What if there is no tomorrow?
You swore you'd fire me if I came in late again.
I'm holding a priority and if you don't answer I'm going to knock you out of service.
This city'll kill you if you aren't strong enough.
This woman I'm seeing, she'll want to talk to me all day, but if I can point to you out the window and say you're waiting, I can be out quick. if anything happens, I'll be in apartment 16M.
We can give you a ride if you like.
I mean if he was dead, I could handle that.
I think it helps if you play something he liked.
Please, a little decorum if you will
I call you if anything comes up.
I was going, man, if someone on high hadn't pulled me in
I wanted to bring them in, to see if he'd respond to voices, but they weren't in the waiting room
And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry.
I'll just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want.
Just tell me if you know.
I didn't mean I'd take a test for you -- I mean if that came up in conversation I'd...
Okay if I watch you tape that interview downstairs?
He says you're lucky if you can get out while you could still cry
Because if you are...
And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this...I grant you everything but give me this...he does personify everything you've been fighting against...And I'm in love with you
Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told.
What do you think the Devil is going to look like if he's around
Nobody is going to be taken in if he has a long, red, pointy tail
In the middle of all this I start to think about something that does nothing but make me feel good and makes immediate sense and that's you ...And I'll stop here but, Jane, I'd give anything if you were two people so I could call up the one who's my friend and tell her about the one I'm in I...I don't think I should go any further
I figured out exactly why it is I'm so hung up on getting a chance at weekend anchor...It's because if I do that well, they'll pay me more, treat me great and my life will be better
Call if you get weird.
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive
I'd give anything if that were true.
I don't know if we have any younger man more respected in our operation than you.
I'll stay if Tom knows how to spell Gaddafi.
Well, darling, if it gets any better than that, I'm going to have to bring you up here to New York.
Look, I can start up with him again if you really...
I wondered if you could find out anything about what's happening
What if we just don't tell them anything anymore unless they let you do the story?
Because I don't know if you've homosexual or not and -- you're not, are you?
It's just the snotty attitude, even if I have it coming, it's still...
What can you do with yourself if all you do is look good?
Would it help if I got you a tutor?
Call me if you need anything.
You commit this incredible breach of ethics and you act as if I'm nitpicking
We've got six days; if you go and we fight and we hate it -- we'll come home
So, it'd be very big deal if you stay here
Jesus, if you're glib about this I'm going to lose it
I don't know if that's absolutely necessary.
Not if you count 'Singing in the Rain.'  Do him a favor and don't treat it like a tragedy
He might be weird -- he can talk more freely if I go alone -- why's that so hard to understand?
Well, I thought I'd check if all of you were still here
Anyway if I can pick your brain --. 'Really a lot appreciate it...'
I'm sorry if I was in the way
Well, they say if you can reach even one person, it means something..
Yeah, he's keeping an eye out, said he'd call us if he sees anything
No one knows if Walter Paisley is born!
You can do anything you want if you set your mind to it.
Man if you want to be a legit artist you have to do nudes, nudes, nudes...
Man if this place doesn't cool out I'm gonna hang out somewhere else...
I was going to make some pancakes, you can have some if you like.
Well if you do see him, tell him I've got a nice fat piece of ocean-fresh halibut for him -
Find out if they're dead
Will I get the shit kicked out of me if I ask you to dance?
You can stay in my mom's room if you want.
Not if you're careful.
What should I do if I see Benny?
He said if I gave in to you I'd start losing again.
I figure we could work on some fundamentals even if we don't make love.
Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games.
And if you discover before a game you're in the wrong nostril, it's easy to switch.
Y'know if you make it to the Bigs you could still become the host of Dance Fever
I don't know if I'd go that far.
What if I told you I was through with Nuke
The Sporting News should know about it.. 247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it.
I love a little macho male bonding-- I think it's sweet even if it's probably latent homosexuality being "re-channeled" but I believe in "re-channeling" so who cares, right
Even if it's the Carolina League-- this is a chance to play everyday.
All right, look, if he took a break, it would just give everybody some time to maneuver
You, you know, if I did it, I'd have to run it my way.
Philip, if you would rise.
Yeah, I don't want her in there more than a few more minutes.. ...I will let her in the house for five minutes if you gentlemen will escort her out if she happens not to want to leave
Well, if you ever come back again... ever... to take her money... next time bring a pistol
I think if you, uh, okay it, you know, assure her that she's gonna be all right, she'll come back.
When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here?
No, it - it - Nicky, when you asked me if you could come out here, what did I tell you
I wouldn't even be in this situation if it wasn't for you
They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown
I - I would appreciate it if you'd stay out of my personal life, okay
You wouldn't like it if I did it to you.
It's all over, I'm gonna tell you, it's all over, if I don't get that license
And believe me, if it goes bad for me, it's gonna go bad for a lot of people, you understand?
And if you wanna be there with me, Sammy, you're gonna have to go my fuckin' way.
You know, I don't know if I could do this even if I wanted to
But that's where we're gonna send you if it harelips the Governor
But, he is my brother-in-law, and I would look on it as a personal favor if you'd think some more on hirin' him back.
Believe me, if I could prove it, he would be under arrest.
And if you'll think about our little problem along them lines...  and you forgive me for sayin' it, maybe he did not deserve to be fired.
I guess, maybe, because she's frightened that if she doesn't lose the weight she may even get fired.. ...all you do is give me answers
You're gonna be sorry if you don't stop that.
I wou- I wouldn't do that if I were you.
What if he won't stop?. ...she did what she did and I did what I had to do
But even if you bought him a watch, a really nice watch, one that he thought was nice - and he doesn't know what the fuck a good watch is - so, you go, five, ten, twelve grand?
What I mean is, you think if, uh, do you think if I came back... do you think you could forgive me?
He said if it didn't work out between us, that I could get my things and I could leave.
And if I gave her her money and her jewels now, you know what she's gonna do
You see, if a phone's tapped, the Feds can only listen in...
Well, if you want a coat, you got it
So, do you think it's too much if I wear these in the same day?
And so, whatever happens, if it doesn't work out between us, I'm gonna make sure you're okay for the rest of your life
And if there are kids, especially, you know, I'll take care of you better than you'd ever imagine.
You know, if it doesn't play out, then what happens to me?
And if we could set up some kind of foundation...  based on that mutual respect..
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein' scammed, you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job
I'll regret it even more if I keep you on.
I mean, if I can't work in Vegas, where am I gonna go?
You're fuckin' right, you made a bad mistake. 'Cause if you come back here - we catch either one of you - we're gonna break your fuckin' heads and you won't walk out of here
And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they fuck around in here
For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and, uh... if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin' head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank
Hey, Mr Rothstein, it'll make it a lot easier on everybody here if we just let her in the house.
I want to know... if he's doin' all right
I knew if I gave the wrong answer, I mean, Nicky, Ginger, Ace, all of 'em could've would up gettin' killed.
Because if he is... it's a problem.
You don't think I'm gonna go into a situation like this if I don't think I'm gonna get covered on the back end.
He doesn't know if this guy is shaking you down or taking advantage of you.
But Jiggs and, uh, Tony Gorilla said if you did anything, you're fucked up.
While, if I wanna talk private, I gotta go to a fuckin' bus stop.
I'm gonna squash your fuckin' head like a grapefruit if you don't give me a name
Maybe if I stick your fuckin' face through this window over here like, you know, you'll - you'll get unconfused
I'm so tired of women saying "I have an inner strength" or "Deep down, I'm really ambitious." "One day I'll design my own line of clothing and write children's stories, if I can only remember to return the videos I rented last night." If you are something, then you better be out there doing something
Oh, it's superb--I mean if you like that fascist nightmare kind of thing...
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...Would you like to go to dinner
Boss, we better roll if we're going to hit this place, blow it up, and make that flight..
Why should it matter if I'm a man or a woman, as long as I'm a good warrior.
Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke.
What if I were to say "Your Wife"-- as in does she know of your touching mentor-student relationship with the post-Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel?
What if I were to say "You're Fired?"
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...
After all, if it was a man dressed as a cat, the story would be on page 23--just another loony
What if I say I'll go out with you, so you can have all these great daydreams, but then never actually talk to you again?
I don't know if I can do it alone.
What if they do question the authenticity?
Particularly if you're not expecting it
I don't care if either of you ever get caught.
I'll turn around at the corner if you'll shut the fuck up.
What would you have done if I hadn't responded to your call?
And Topanga Canyon has a hell of a lot of potholes if I recall.
Damned if I know.
God, if he doesn't come back --
Even if you found us -- what then?
I'm afraid if I stop talking I'll lose you
I suppose if you're a struggling artist you need a patron.
I'm sorry if I caused you to lose your business deal.
She would if she heard my voice on the phone.
Even if I got there first she wouldn't go with me.. 26th off Wilshire.
I don't know if I can do this again.
Better haul ass if we're gonna be inside to greet them.
And if you ditch us we get zilch.
Mind if I have a look?
Very official.  259-7881, if I recall.
Not if you go.
Only if you kiss me.
Now, if you asked me to meet you tomorrow, it would really drive him insane.
And what if you don't?
And what if I say no?
Doesn't matter if he's hot
See if he's still alive.
Whoever hits him'll be hit, if those men are any good
And you know what'll happen if you fuck up again, don't you?
But if I did... you wouldn't shoot a brother in the back --
So if I ran now, there's no way I'd beat you, is there?
See if she's all right.
And even if he doesn't die -- you can't just let me loose.
Now, if you took the ropes off, I'd be able to feed myself.
See, if we took the hood off, we'd have to shoot you
What if I did?
That money's not ours, Adam -- if we keep it, we'll be breaking the law.
Well, if I'm going to die, I might as well do it for my country.
But if they stole all that money -- why can't you arrest them?
Bartholomew -- if I had a quarter of a million dollars, believe me, I'd know it.
Bartholomew -- if you're trying to frighten me you're doing a really first-rate job!
Yes -- and tell me if you recognize anyone
How about if next week some time I put it on a marriage license -- that ought to --
Only if you can prove to me that you're really Brian Cruikshank.
Brian Cruikshank -- it would serve me right if I got stuck with that one.
The man's the same, even if the name isn't.
I can explain if you'll just listen
But then if we sit back and wait, the field should start narrowing down, shouldn't it
Wouldn't it be nice if we were like that?
A) It's always the person you don't suspect; B) that means you think it's Tex because you really suspect Gideon; therefore C) if you think it's Tex, it has to be someone else -- Gideon.
So one day you meet an Indian, you ask him if he's a truthful Whitefoot or a lying Blackfoot
Alex -- how can you tell if someone is lying or not?
Do you mind if I sit down
You know I'd tell you if I had it.
And if it is?
Come on, now -- if you wanted to hide something, where would you put it?
Yes, of course -- but if you went back and wrote me a letter --
He -- he said if I didn't give the money, he'll kill me.
I've looked everywhere --  And if I don't find it --  Those men going to kill me.
Him: 'Do you mind if I come in for a nightcap, Reggie?' Her: 'Well -- it is awfully late.' Him: 'Just one, all right?' Her: 'Promise you'll behave yourself.' Him: 'Sorry, baby, I never make promises I can't keep.'
He said if I told anybody it could prove fatal for them as well as me.
I -- I'm not sure if I'm supposed to tell you or not.
I wanted to tell you how sorry I am -- and to find out if there was anything I could do.
But you will let me know if anyone goes on the critical list
It belongs to me, Miz Lampert -- an' if you don't give it to me your life ain't gonna be worth the paper it's printed on
But if this is a sample of American diplomacy I'm buying a fallout shelter.
What I don't understand is why they asked Marliston if Rod was a virgin
I wonder why it's so important to know if they fucked?
His patchouli reeking rear might know if Stacy and Rod were really virgins
I wouldn't ask if I didn't have to.
But if he'd been sent to jail, there would be no Jody.
It could be really dangerous for them if the killer isn't caught.
You can have both if you want.
GOMEZ'S HELICOPTER - DAY.. ...if we don't get out of this tunnel!. ...that is going to explode...
I mean, if that gun was...
Hey, and what if we  don't make it?!
Look, I don't give a shit if you go through Missoula at a hundred miles an hour
And if that Elvis shit...
You are seriously mistaken if you think you are going anywhere in my...
Look, if I don't get this stuff to McGruder, it's goodbye, Andy's Ice Cream, goodbye, Jerome, goodbye, Mon-.... ...and a shitload of ice.
So if you don't mind--!
You have my word on that.. ...me, if I thought there was any real danger, I-I wouldn't go forward.
You know, captain, if you hadn't spent so much of your career questioning your superiors, you might've found yourself with more gold leaf on your col-...
Brynner.. ...happen if I drop this?
I wanna know if so much as a squirrel...
Mind if you tell me what's goin' on?
Because if you don't give me that cylinder, your lives will end.... ...never done a thing for you?. ...to die for a country that's.... ...and ask a simple question -   Are you actually prepared...
But if it wasn't for you, I think he'd have drifted right on through this town.
And what if it does?
Then how about if I call you "ass-...
Mason, you wouldn't know the truth if it bit you
That's where life begins... marshes, sloughs, tide-pools... he was fascinated by them...  you know when we first came out here he figured that if you dumped water onto desert sand it would percolate down into the bedrock and stay there, instead of evaporating the way it does in most reservoirs
I'd like to help her if I can.
Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough
I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis' girlfriend.
My usual fee, plus a bonus if I come up with any results.
Then if I don't show, take her down to the boat.
Evelyn Mulwray knocked off her husband in the ocean and thought it would look like more of an accident if she hauled him up to the Oak Pass Reservoir?
But if you want, give me a day or two, and I'll get back to you
Of course you have my deepest sympathy and if we need anymore information, we'll be in touch.
I will if you don't.
You won't go to the police if I tell you?
Well, I'm only judging on the basis of one afternoon and an evening, but if that's how you go about your work, I'd say you're lucky to get through a whole day.
I'll pay your salary plus five thousand dollars if you find out what happened to Hollis and who is involved.
Well I wouldn't run home and tell him whenever I went to bed with someone, if that's what you mean.
Now if I see him, I can help him
You may if you can, Mr
I understand... if you could tell me who employed you, Miss Sessions
Mulwray, the point is if it ever comes out I want somebody to know I didn't know what would happen.
Just, if you will, confine yourself to the main building
Would you mind if we took a stroll on our own?
I know you'd appreciate that if your father came to live with us.
Just to be certain, I wonder if you could show us a list of your patients?
Perhaps if we could meet your father.
Mind if I take one of your cards
I wonder if you'd care to wait in my office?
Better tell them to get in touch with me if they want to hang onto their land.
And if you buy a television set, you can watch it at home, without any fuss...
The princess was so struck by the depth of his feeling that she said to the soldier  'If you will wait a hundred days and a hundred nights beneath my balcony, then in the end I'll be yours.' Christ, the soldier ran off there and waited
Not to take credit away from the Lord, but if I had created the world, in all modesty, certain things would have come out better
You act as if you created the world!
And if he's in love, he suffers, because he knows he's up a one-way street
And if we don't the owner of that movie house gets pissed off.
But if they hadn't put Jesus Christ on a cross...You'd work Good Fridays too!
Two  I'll keep them for you, because you can't take them home for God forbid and save our souls, if they catch fire, all hell will break loose
Salvatore, if you had chosen to be with me, you'd have never made your films
Even if it wasn't what I dreamt of then...
Instead, I find it's quite the opposite, as if I had never left
And yet, I look at Lia and feel as if I didn't know her, and you, Mamma...I abandoned you, ran away like a thief, thought only of myself, and never gave you an explanation...
But if it really matters to you, I'11 call you..
Leland, if Mr
There's a whole lot of things he could tell you - if he wanted to.
It's not trick to make an awful lot of money if all you want is to make a lot of money
There were a lot of them back in the early days, and -. -  We thought maybe, if we can find out what he meant by that last word - as he was dying -
I've been a newspaperman my whole life and I don't intend -  - if it's your intention that I should continue to be harassed by this - this -  I warn you, Mr
Silverstone if he doesn't produce his wife at once, the "Enquirer" will have him arrested
The nurse has complete instructions, but if you care to talk to me at any time, I should be only too glad -  I shall be here in the morning.
He made that very clear to me nine years ago - If I'd thought of my life with Charles as a personal life, I'd have left him then -
Charles, if you don't listen to reason, it may be too late -
And if you think - if any of you think -
What you've decided I ought to have - what you'd want if you were me
I'm not going to have my guests insulted, just because you think -  - if people want to bring a drink or two along on a picnic, that's their business
And I can hear you very well if you just talk in a normal tone of voice.
That if you haven't got what they want - a real voice - they just don't care about you
I'll get these streets fixed, if it's the last thing I do.
Kane - well, if I owned a newspaper and if I didn't like the way somebody else was doing things - some politican, say - I'd fight them with everything I had
However, I happen to be concerned at this moment with the matter of extensive oil lands belonging to the people of the United States, and I say that if this lease goes through, the property of the people of the United States goes into the hands of -
You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars.
And if anything goes wrong and you're hurt - then the game stops, and you've got to be soothed and nursed, no matter what else is happening - and no matter who else is hurt!
Nothing - if she dosen't love me -
But don't you think if we release it now - he's only been dead four days - it might be better than if -
Two weeks if you have to...
Build the picture around the question, even if you can't answer it.
Millions - if anybody wants it.
You can go on asking questions if you want to.
Well, if it's already too late...
If you're going to drink it in here, I'd appreciate it if you'd not bother the customers.
Do you mind if I drink this here?
And if I ever see you again, I'm gonna break your fucking head open!
Well, I don't know if sorry can make up for it
All right, now if you're really feeling dangerous tonight, then Smokey and the Bandit Three is the movie you must rent.
But you'd like to believe that the weight of the world rests on your shoulders-that the store would crumble if Dante wasn't here
Well, if we're so fucking advanced, then what are we doing working here?
Am I right or what?. ...If I wasn't such a fucking coward
Man, if you weren't such a fucking coward...
As if it's that easy.
All right, if you hate this job and the people, and the fact that you have to come in on your day off, then quit.
My life is in the shitter right about now, so if you don't mind, I'd like to stew a bit.
You might want to see if she's okay; she's been back there a long time.
It's not like it's gonna matter if she breaks something!
At least when we were playing hockey outside, I could see if anyone wanted to go in.
As if a guy's a fucking pervert because he tries to go down on himself
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't she one of the illustrious twelve?
As if somewhere-beyond all the other gallons-is a container of milk that won't go bad for like a decade.
They don't bother me if I don't bother them.
You'd feel a hell of a lot better if you'd rip into the occasional customer.
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
The jizz-mopper's job is to clean up the booths afterward, because practically everybody shoots a load against the window, and I don't know if you know or not, but cum leaves streaks if you don't clean it right away.
All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction?
Shit, if I'd known you were working, I would've come even later.
Say, would you mind if I took a roll of the soft stuff back there
I even transferred so maybe you would be more inclined to go back to college if I was with you
And if you think that thirty-seven dicks are a lot, then just wait, mister: I'm going to put the hookers in Times Square to shame with all the guys I go down on now!
The ostrich syndrome: if you don't see it...
All the other guys I went with before I met you, so, if you want to have a complex about it, go ahead
All I'm saying is that if you're unhappy you should leave.
Don't do it and we're going to see if your angel here can fly
Get up there if you can, and if you get a chance, do me a favor and kill him.
An' if I miss, dig in and try your best to slow the fall.
Look, if we climb down from here, it'll take two hours to get back to the station.. "Time is money" -- please.
What if he can't?
Okay, but if you do I'll have to perform resuscitation--
I'm not going to faint, but if I want to faint, I'll faint, okay?
I'm the one you lived with for two years, I'm the one you made promises to, I'm the one who spent too many nights looking up at these rocks and wondering if you were ever going to make it down in once piece or ever at all
Let's see... if one night I got up and packed up all my things and drove away without leaving so much as a note, and stayed away for months, I think what I'd want to do is come up with a well thought-out reason.
Your mouth's writing a check your ass can't cash, but if ya wanna buy some life, bring me the money.
It's never over when you're playing against a team that doesn't care if they win or lose-- how do you negotiate with someone like that?!
Somehow I didn't think you'd wait for me if I'd sent it first.
As a professional courtesy between offices, I was asked if he could hitch a ride.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, if it isn't little Alex
This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not become you, O my brothers
Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
But public opinion has a way of changing and you, Alex, if I may call you, Alex?
I'm gonna be sick.. ... because I don't like you horrible type, do I, and if you want to start something... if you want to start... go on... well, you just start
And even if I hadn't, there's the dark pinstripe, Armani, elegant, not too hip, which rules out advertising, plus a top-of-the-line briefcase that you live out of, looks like Bottega...
You know, if you'd only listened to me, we'd be bogged down in traffic right now, and you could have made yourself an extra five bucks.
What if you're wrong?
But Bowery's fine, if that's what you want.
And if he caught them not saying their prayers, he would leave a bundle of wooden switches outside their door
This isn't our goddamn game!. ...if they're wrong?!
What if they're wrong?
I've always wondered if there was someone else in the cab.
I'm lying here, wondering if something horrible happened...
What happens if you don't?
Man, if someone had a gun to your head and said:  "You gotta tell me what's goin' on with that person over there or I'll kill you"...they'd have to kill you...  'Cause you don't have a clue for...or about...anyone..
Besides, if he decides to put a bullet in my head, I don't wanna be there for it.
Hell, it's the same thing <u>he's</u> talking about, if you just open your ears
Even if we quit smoking and cut out red meat
Plus an extra hundred if you get me to LAX on time.
Mind if I time you
What do I get if you're wrong
What if I reached a point where you didn't think I was crazy anymore
To ask you if you'll marry me in some old-fashioned way
Ask if the water in his lungs was chlorinated!
I'll give you 100 bucks if you leave right now.
Actually about a hundred things, but we can make progress, if you answer one question
You think if someone really had all that information and a national podium to shout it out from that they'd let him do it
You wouldn't be sitting here if you didn't halfway believe me.
Um, I'd feel a lot less naked if we could get outta here.
But if you hurt Liza in any way, I'll kill you
Could've been a storybook if he wasn't crazy
Roses are red, violets are blue, if the Pope goes to Washington, I would, too.. -- Understood.
I don't know if you're the best lawyer I've got or a high school sophomore.
Okay, fine, they've got the primes -- but if you're right about there being another more significant transmission still to come --
Ellie... we both know that if I was any kind of a man, I never would've entered this race
I like to think it's who I might've been if things had gone a different way; that I might have been worthy, really worthy of what I've been given..
I'm asking if you'll support my candidacy.
And how guilty would we feel if we happened to destroy some microbes on a beach in Africa?
It's not a threat, Ellie, it's a fact -- if you're not careful, you may find yourself out in the cold very quickly
I'm hoping your own expertise in decryption algorithms will help us find out -- to see if there's another message buried deeper in the signal.
What if you're wrong
Maybe there is a fourth layer in there somewhere, but if there is, I sure as hell can't find it.
Please -- if you... downloaded... everything about us you know the problems we face, the impact it could have -- it could make the difference --
Wouldn't you if you saw Hitler on TV
Still... it'd be worse if they died for nothing.
As if it never happened
Some kind of circuitry...?. -- even if he doesn't receive the entire transmission
Not if you think like a Vegan.
Page after page of data -- over sixty-three thousand in all, if I'm not mistaken... and at the end of each...
The powers that be have been quite busy lately, falling over each other to position themselves for the game of the century, if not the millennium
The tape -- it's all there, if they'd just look at...  ... the tape...
But it's also true that if I really thought we wanted the same things, I'd follow you anywhere... but the truth is I don't think you want the company
You think I don't stay up half the night wondering if I've made the right choice living half a world away from you, wondering if any of this is worth what I'm giving up for it everyday
Peter -- if you can get him to do that for me he'd obviously do the same for you -- we could -- !
What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico?
Ellie... even if you do manage to raise the money, have you thought about what it would really mean to follow through on this
I keep telling myself okay, that's just the price, you have to do your time doing shitwork before you're allowed to get to the good stuff... but if I have to catalog one more quasar..
Or being lumped in with the lunatic fringe by people like Drumlin, when if they'd just put aside their preconceptions for two seconds and look at the facts...
Ellie... if you go out there like this -- if you admit to even the possibility that what you experienced didn't actually happen -- I'm afraid they really will crucify you
Is that why you're so quick to risk it -- because if your life means nothing then you have nothing to lose?. -- I don't know --
Please, Palmer -- if you care for me at all, don't push this now --
What if their answer is, 'Oh, that's easy
But what if we don't like the answer?. ..
Explain this to me one more time... even if you traveled near the speed of light, when you came back --
Of course I want to know God if there is one... but it has to be real
So if I let the pendulum go, when it swings back you wouldn't flinch.
And what would you have done if the odds had gone against you?
I guess if we want them to know the truth about who we are there's no quicker way to show them.
You can't gitcha mind on them weeds if yer eyeballin'...
But I got 'em to promise if you give up peaceful, they wouldn't even whip you this time.
But damn if he don't look like a fat old Dragline.
And Andy, if you persist in playing doctor, leave, with them.
I mean if you really do, leave them
He's writing me he's gonna finish 'my unfinished symphony.' He's gonna give me $550 for some of my cum, he says he's in a position to see that I will be immortal if he has some of my spunk
I told that son I'd send him what he wanted if he leave you alone.
See if there could be any way for him to escape.
How do you <u>know</u> it was Andy if the head was gone
Let's speed up the game plan... call all the living serials to ask if they've had contact with a Peter Kurten
And if you do, there'll be another one
Ah, if you knew that, you'd be half way to nailing him
But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside.
Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper
You called us, Doctor, if you don't want to look at them here, how about downtown
We couldn't catch up on what you people know if we had a year
The book says if you use your gun, use it to kill, that's what it's meant to do
But the thing is, how can I move <u>you</u> in, if you go on acting like a teenage asshole?
Why would I say I fed her if I didn't?
I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want to.
To the airport, if you could.
And if you have any kind of emergency, you can page me.
We'll see about adjusting the dosage if that doesn't clear in the next  How are other things going?
I'll take you if you want to go.
Maybe if we had them both to dinner or something.
She says she won't even come if Dad brings Monica.
Not even if it's something positive?
And if I want to smoke, I'll fucking smoke.
Mom, look, if I want to dump Paul, I'll dump him
Of course, if that's what you still want
Not now, but maybe later, if they like the program.
Just promise you'll love me even if I end up in a job where I have to wear a blue polyester cap.
Would you mind if we just called it an early night?
They're showing "Groundhog Day" if you...
What if it's got a pattern?
Do you mind if I call you Letitia?
I've got a deposition that I really need to get cracking on, so if you don't mind...
But I thought if you don't mind, you could listen and see how I come across?
Huntley told me today that if I come through on the Benton deposition, they may consider me for senior associate.
I really think if you're going to spend your life with someone you want to know them pretty damn well.
Now if you'd come to me, explained what was going on...
I can get them -- but what do I get if I do?
You think I'm going to talk to you until I know if you're wired.
Now, if you don't want me to keep on hurting you, it's important that I believe you and right now I don't
I'm just gonna go home if it's all the same to you.
Business must be good if he can afford to buy up useless property.
How about if I call you?
I know who you are and what you could do to me if I don't honor my word.
And if there is, then Zero can kill someone?
Maybe if we gave the tapes back --
I think if he told me he was going to steal Van Gogh's "Sunflowers in a vase" I would remember it.
You know, if you could get your nose out of Bastaldi's ass for two seconds you might see what's going on around you.
Bastaldi isn't asking you if you want to go
And if he's telling you you're going to be going then you are going to go!
Even if we get out of town and go to another airport I'm sure the FBI and Chicago P.D. has alerted customs.
I think he'd cut his dick off if Bastaldi told him to.
I mean, do you really think he would come along if he knew we were being set up?
Yeah, I'd be from Belgium too if I was you
Yeah and if you turned it around it would say to go right.
Maybe if we did just leave --
Feel free to correct him if you want.
Besides, if we do that, then Julien died for nothing
I'm sure he wouldn't mind if you used it.
You knew what would happen to you if you didn't pay
And if I use them to kill you?
You wouldn't have understood, even if I had tried to explain
They wouldn't have found me if you hadn't stolen the sword
So what if I don't?
Come and get it if you can.
You couldn't roam around freely if you were.
Writers wouldn't sell many books if they told how it really is.
I thought if I rode to the other end of the desert, I'd find them
Even if Wudan accepts her, her husband might object.
But if you resist, I won't stop until you're dead.. "We'll settle this at midnight on Yellow Hill."  Good, the fox is out of her hole.
Tell me if Li Mu Bai is not more open the next time you see him
Clear it with the Captain if you need a file.
You will have Top Dollar if you watch for me at the Showtime, tomorrow night.
I don't know if I can
You'll see him if you pay attention.
I've got him if you want him.
But even if there is, I am sure it is nothing outside your capacity to deal with?
I was wondering if you could tell me anything... about a wildcat operative.
I'll kick your ass if you say anything."  It's like, for Christsakes Greg, you're gay, deal with it
I wouldn't be surprised if he was your rat.
Blaine, if I knew who it was that person wouldn't be alive right now.
Cecile, I think you're going to have a hard time crying rape if that's all he did.
Cecile if there's one thing I'm great at it's love letters
McConnell, I'm gonna out your ass in two seconds if you don't tell me where she is.
I'd be careful if I were you
And if I don't?
Mind if I ask what you're doing in my room?
If your asking if I nailed her the answer is no.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have some work to do.
Do you mind if I take my new Porsche for a ride?
And if I win?
Because if there's an attack made on Court it could be traced back to me
Do you mind if I check upstairs?
Oliver's pet,  I'm sure it would be the first thing he'd grab if we ever had a fire.
Wouldn't it be just the same, darling, if daddy dropped the present at Mrs
I suppose any note, no matter how sour, is a song if you hold on to it long enough.
Math's is a practical science --- if she understands figures, she's well out of her own world of make-believe.
Call the Boyds...3000W...see if their darling Donald has left.
I wonder if you don't resent that in her?
If you deny that, if you insist that this woman you call your friend is in the garden, then I'm afraid I shall have to punish you
But if you were there yesterday, guess you can get there today.
Well, if it's a real mourning ring,
Maybe, if it's a real mourning ring like we have in Jamaica
I wouldn't be surprised if it were a true wishing ring.
My little girl said she'd kill you if you came to see me
Amy looks happy  seems almost as if she were playing with another child; like somebody else were running with her and playing.
A man gets sperm build-up, and if his woman isn't givin' it to 'em, he's gotta get it elsewhere.
Your teeth may feel sharper if you're grinding them at night
It's okay if you are, we just want to know
But how do I know if I really love Peter
And if he really loves me?
Well if he does, he didn't give you away
You're at his place, and you come out of the bathroom looking all shy and say, "I'm so embarrassed but could you run out and get me some tampons?" If he says no, he's too embarrassed, then you know he's a wus
But if he says yes and goes to get you tampons, well then he's a decent guy
How do you know if a guy is decent?
I wonder if he's married.
You have to eat if you're drinking
Like if a guy spends a fortune on you, he's gonna feel like you owe him something.
Or if your boyfriend's an asshole.
Or if there's a full moon.
I couldn't live with myself if I did anything to you.
And I thought if someone did ever say it, I'd have to say it first and then they'd sort of say "I love you too" cause they felt they had to after I'd said it.
I just don't know if I should be dating anyone right now.
It's my favorite shirt, mind if I check?
Now suddenly he gets jealous if I have a date.
I'm putting together little details to see if we're missing something.
Okay, if you think of anything else, please give us a call.
We can get a warrant if you like.
Obviously if she's a werewolf, she can't be around a cat
It only works if you're on good terms.
And if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, shoot him.
Do me a favor, if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, remind me to close my fuckin' eyes.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you, Inspector
Actually, I was wondering, sir, if you could let me have a few uniforms, to follow up for me...
Worse thing is, I never know if it will change back again..
I mean,  if it's a problem...
We'll be back for you first thing tomorrow and if you need me for anything, Duane will be right outside the door.
I mean,  if you wanted me to talk or...
Even if he makes it he's gonna be a vegetable.
And if you do a little and I do a little... then maybe the next guy'll do a little...
Mind if I sit down?
You know, if you want to be the same old bastard, that's fine
And if I don't
That's right. 'Bout eight, if that suits
Now if you still got a statement you'd like ta make, you can jus' hold onto it 'til tonight.
I'm sorry, General, if I...spoke out of turn
THAT'S WHAT IT'LL BE IF YA DON'T SIDDOWN AN' SHUT THE HELL UP!
What is it if it ain't a curse?
Then, if you move fast enough, stay ahead of 'em...without bein' able to signal each other, they might have a hard time catchin' you.
That stuff can blow if you look at is funny
Even if you manage to avoid a fight you won't know where to go.
I'll kill you if you shoot
Hell no, I'm not afraid of them just, if we get caught with them, we're dead.
But what if they see it, Nuwanda?
Like, if nothing else, the opportunity to attend my classes, understand?
Dalton, if you think you're the first to try to get thrown out of this school, think again
Well, Meeks aced Latin and I didn't quite flunk English so if you want, we've got our study group.
Knox, if you promise that this will be the end of it-
God, if Chet found out he'd...
Come with me tonight, then if you don't want to see me again, I swear I'll bow out.
And if it so happens that you're wrong
But you can bring someone if you like.
What if we don't know anything about someone like Rahesh Non?
First thing that pops to your mind, even if it's gibberish!
Not if you're going to stay true to yourself.
Well, if it's more than a whim, then you'll have to prove that to him
I don't care if the world is coming to an end tomorrow night, you are through with that play
Call us if you need anything.
Most people, if they're lucky, live about half an exciting life
But if he said no before then...
Won't he kill you if you don't let him know you're auditioning?
Neil, how are you gonna be in a play if your father won't let you?
Todd, if you're gonna make it around here, you've gotta speak up
We don't even know if his boat is still there...you saw Billy!
And what if I run into one of those things?
On this puppy here, you remember if it's red to blue or blue to red...
Do you mind if I sit?
I mean, if I'd'a been where you guys were --
I don't know, if you want to talk --
And if it isn't, what the hell is it???
They're small, see, so if you're smart you get about six or eight
I mean, if you want to have any fun.
Said he'd make sure I was left alone if I helped put Wade away
Stop me if I'm wrong.
Kill me if you want
I don't care if you've got the Good Housekeeping seal of approval..
You would, too, if you weren't still hoping the guests might arrive.
But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains.
Guess there will, if it says so.
Thanks, Jabez -- I really wouldn't need very much ... if you could let me have some seed to start off with enough for spring planting ...
Yes, but what does a farmer do if he don't want to get roped in some more by them loan sharks?
I was going to ask you if you thought I could.
We've come round to ask you if you made up your mind to join the Grange?
What if one hasn't a soul any more
I thought if I made a kind of part payment --
Oh no, you violated clause five of our contract and I could collect right now, if I chose.
Now a man like Daniel Webster, if I ever get hold of him, I'd have to build a special box for him and even at that, I imagine, the wing spread would be astonishing
I wouldn't cut that tree if I were you
Upon my word, Neighbor Stone, if it weren't for my firm's reputation for generous dealing--
Well -- I'll be -- if it isn't little Mary Sampson from Franklin.
He can be such a fine boy, if we show him how to be.
You always said, the field uphill needs a rest, but if you think --
It would move a stone.. " ... and if the final vote shall leave thousands of our fellow citizens and their families in hopeless distress, can we -- members of the Government -- go to our beds with a clear conscience, can we, without self- reproach, supplicate the Almighty Mercy to forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors?
Almost the first time since the beginning of winter -- and if that isn't an occasion, I don't know what is.
As if it mattered to a grandma
Let him howl if it makes him feel good
All right, son -- if it helps.
He'll throw you off your farm tomorrow if you don't pay him tonight.
Be sure to let me know if Daniel is over there.
I never did hold much with Job, even if he is Scripture
I don't want to malign the man, but he always sounded to me as if he came from Massachusetts
That is -- if you don't mind changing the lesson, Ma.
But if you ever come down there, I'll show them to you.
You see, I don't care if we are rich or poor -- I don't care if we're big or small, all I care about is Jabez
Yes -- I'm all on my own -- sometimes it makes you feel a little lonely --  Do you mind if I indulge?
Produce your evidence -- if you have it.
Webster -- If you have no more arguments to adduce I'll take him along now.
Come out of there -- I'll give you an extension if you'll forget this stupid repentance idea.
Mind if I play some tunes?
Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots
And if he alters it...?						*
You...you don't work for Nakatomi... and if you're not one of them...
Only if New Jersey counts.
And LA's finest are on it, so light 'em if you got 'em.
Now tell your 'partner' to stay out of it, or so help me if he lives through this I'll put him behind bars myself!
Fuck you, sir - if I'm right, I don't need you
What I want is - if I make an honest mistake I want help.
What if we gotta kill a whole lot of people?
I don't know if I have or not.
I gotta listen to it if they think...
And if I go out he's just gonna kill the people
But, if I can get out of this..
That I would get you down here and that I would say so long to you... or, if you wanted... you know, to take a trip...
How do they expect you to get uncrazy if you're asleep all the time?
I don't know if the helicopters can land in here
Okay, Sonny, I want to see if the people in the bank are okay, then what I want to do is work out a way to get them out of there
First off, we wanna know if the people in the bank are okay.
I wonder if you'd hire me if I came in here and asked you for a job ...
I'll be God damned if you will.
Is he endangering his health, because if you tell me he is, I'll get him out.
What if I take you with me?
God forbid I should say something to him like, 'Listen, if you ever smoke marijuana, just remember that it's illegal' and he storms outta the house
You realize, Sal, that we're gonna get outta the country, so if you wanna talk to somebody, do it now ..
We'd kill ourselves.. ... because if you're talking about coppin' a plea, I'm tellin' you right now, there's no deal ..
You and me and Jackie - that night in the bar ... we were talkin' about if we get trapped in the bank, what are you gonna do ..
But you just told him that if worse comes to worse...
About throwin' a body outta here if we have to?
I wouldn't like to, but I will, if I have to.
You think if Sal and me have cut their throats we're gonna let you out?
I want to come in, and see if everybody's okay.
We get on the plane, check it out, and if it's all okay we'll send them out
I'm the most dangerous person in the world, because if I love you, watch out, you're gonna get fucked, fucked over and fucked out!
I know you wouldn't need Leon if Heidi was treating you right
I talked to the FBI, I told them about you, they said if you just come outta the bank it's gonna be okay.
I mean, if you want to steal, you go to where they got the money, right?
And if you can't deliver them?. <i>$300,000.</i>
Life could be so easy... if only you allowed yourself to fit the mold.
They're gonna kill us if we don't, Ian.
How would I know how much it's gonna cost if I don't know what I'm buying?
Sal, if you want me to deliver any faster, get me a jet rocket or something, cuz I can't run with pizzas, all the cheese ends up on one side and shit.
Sal, I don't care if you fire me this exact minute, leave my sister alone.
Mookie, if your friends can't behave, they're not welcome.
Brother, Mookie, if I love you I love you, but if I hate you...
So what if this is a Black neighborhood, so what if we're a minority
Mind if I open a window?
My mom wants to know if you can stay for dinner.
We've got some margarine too if you'd like to scoop it out of the tub.
Is it okay if he spends the night?
Alright, if you really want to go down this road, well girl's like chocolate.
HELLER, mind if I tag along on your field trip
I'm going to ask you one last time and if I don't get an answer, I don't even want to think about the consequences which would be frightening to say the least
I don't know if you'd call us "friends"...
Well I need to get a job and you're telling me that if I join up - I can really come and go whenever I want?
Collins can be a pretty crafty guy, what do I do if he smells the trap.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
They want me to take the Water of Life... the Truthsayer drug... so dangerous, yet... we must move swiftly if we're to secure our place among these Fremen
Great gods... if you can do this to the strongest of us you're worth ten times your weight of water
Remember... walk without rhythm and we won't attract a worm... it'll go to the thumper.. ...the night is a tunnel... a hole into tomorrow... if we're to have a tomorrow...
He shall know your ways as if born to them.
You speak as if he was dead
But if it is a trap then why are we going?
But what if I'm not in <u>too</u> big a hurry
What if I take a moment to slow down and savor the beauty of life
Buddy, I don't know if that's such a good idea.
I don't know if I can handle a night shoot...
I didn't know if it was a trick
I'm embarking on another bus- andtruck tour of "Dracula." Twelve cities in ten days, if that's conceivable.
I promise this: If we stick together, one day I'll make every single one of you famous.
Maybe if you'd come to the backers party, I would've gotten the money.
Honey, what if I'm wrong
What if I just don't have it?
Well, uh, if I could I would...
I'd be happy too, if I had such a great family.
And they always want to cast their buddies -- it doesn't even <u>matter</u> if they're right for the part!
What if I told you you could have a star for $1000??
Yeah, but if you took that crap and put a star in it, you'd have something!
And I realized, what's the one thing, that if you put in a movie, it'll be successful??
Hell, if I did, I wouldn't have any friends.
Hey, how 'bout this -- what if I don't have any lines
I was just calling to see if you want to attend the world premiere of my new film, "Bride Of The Monster."
But only if you SHUT UP, and let me do it my way!
Mind if I order some hotcakes...?
Well, I was wondering if maybe sometime you'd like to go out, and maybe grab some dinner.
Now, if you put a mailman on the cover of a magazine he'd better have killed someone or no one will buy it
Kissing and hugging, okay, but if it's actual sex they have to cut away.
What if I'm vomiting?
So if it's a show and they have a guy die that's writing, but if it's real and they have a guy die that's murder.
What if Shari's the dream?
You asked me if I had a dream
Honey, if you're watching this is for you.
Hey, if it's free, it's me
I was at this comedy club last week and this comedian says "If you're over thirty and your job requires you to wear a name tag, you screwed up your life." And I'm laughing and then I realize I wear a nametag.
I -- All right, look, if you hear from Ray.... tell him to call me, okay?
That's why it states in your contract that if you do not continue to live a normal life, you're in violation and are liable for the station's financial losses
Look, if you don't let me out of this..
It means if he were on fire they wouldn't put him out.
You weren't able to make me feel safe or secure -- no easy job for any  man, I admit -- and my problem is, if I think I'm losing, I pull myself out of the game
Ray borrowed this whole tub of money against this balloon payment that I don't get if I qu -- it's too complicated
So...?. ... yeah, then, but.... ...if this ...  ... weren't here... ?
I know, but even if they go away, everybody in America knows what we're doing because... they went away.
He got this out of his system now and he knows it's not worth it and, you know, someday if you guys got married or something --
Look, I know this is... unbelievably awkward, but if I could come in for like a second and -- you know -- just say... two words, then...
So you have me talk you into it so you get what you want, but if it goes bad it's not your fault.
This is my father, I don't know what the hell he can do, but if anyone out there can help him -- get him a job - I'11 ... help you
How many times if just one little thing that I needed would've happened, it would've changed everything
It could be, if you fixed it up
But I just thought, well, I'm going away soon, and you'll be stuck here and, I don't know, I just think maybe if things had been different we might have been, well, friends
And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
I don't know what you're referring to, but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy, everything would be okay.
You might think apples were pretty good, even if you occasionally got a rotten one
I just want you to know that no matter who wins, if it's you or me, there's no hard feelings
Be a detective if that's what you want.
It would've happened years ago if you hadn't carried him
And hey, if it works out, you'll get a piece of it.
What if Breuning and Carlisle took them from the evidence room
Then listen closely, because I'll only say this once and if it gets repeated, I'll deny it
I don't know if you read the papers, but that case is closed.
I didn't have anything to do with him getting killed if that's what you mean.
You were supervising officer on the case and I was wondering if you remember anything about it.
See if a purple Mercury was seen around here tonight.
Look, if it helps, Bud hates himself for what he did.
There's more if you want to hear it.
But I need some answers and if I don't get them, I'm going to take you and Patchett down.
What if we just fucked with 'em?
What if <u>what</u>?
What if we transmitted it over cellular?. <u>I</u> know. <u>I</u> know what they're looking for and I'm telling you.
What if we hand deliver to their homes or office?
What if we do a mailing to Congressmen.
And if you did, it'd never get on the air
I'll give you two- hundred dollars if you--
What if I find out what they're after
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
Maybe if you guys stopped thinking about yourselves for a change and--
I'm just trying to determine if Mr
I tell you what, I'll just run the thing by the Grand Jury, see if they can't--
I'll see if I can, you know, work things out.
I'd probably like <u>Brill</u> if I ever got to--
I don't know if it's Brill's prices going up or your commission.
And if it wasn't?
I don't care if he's Solomon with Saint Joseph sitting in his <u>lap</u>
I don't know what's going on, but if you people have tripped over your own asshole again, you're not gonna get any help from us
As if your life hadn't capsized?
You didn't need to slap my face to make me feel as if you'd slapped my face.
A woman should never learn to sew, and if she can she should never admit to it
Almasy checks to see if Katharine is still awake.
I apologize if I appear abrupt
I think the desert is, it's - for a woman - it's very tough, I wonder if it's not too much for her.
So if you need ithard to know how long one's talking about
In a war, if you own the desert, you own North Africa.
Listen, Fritz, if I have to listen to another word from you I'll give you a fucking good hiding.
What if I told you he did this to me?
Don't touch me if you're going to try and fuck me.
We didn't know where you were - or if you coming back, or -
I mean, you know blah-blah if it's convenient, if there's room blah-blah-blah
There are Partisans to be -  -we embrace them and see if we can relieve them of their weapons, you know - while we hug
She said I should stop and see if you were okay
I don't even know if it is my book
Why do I feel if I had your book I would know everything?
It's Christmas and it's all - I don't know - if you asked me I'd go home tomorrow
Well look, if nobody minds, truly, then I suppose - I shall, of course, be bereft
I was just saying, I'm going to cable Downing Street, see if I can't stir up a few shillings - Katharine's mother and the PM's wife are best -
No, I can't go, but if it, if you weren't offended, it would be very good of you to allow us - every other cabin is crammed
But if it got late and I hadn't shown up?
We didn't exchange two personal words, and we've been together through some terrible things, some -  he was engaged to a girl in the village! - I mean -  and us - he never once He didn't ask me if I could spin the ball at cricket or the kamasutra or - I don't even know what I'm talking about.
I'm not cutting if you're here
He's going to topple over if he cuts.
Some explode if you stretch the wires, some if you cut them.
And what if he really is a spy?
What if you couldn't find him
I was going to say - if you want to eat with us, ever you and Lieutenant Singh
Besides, if I remain it's the most effective method of persuading my husband to abandon whatever he's doing and rescue us
How do you know you're not German if you don't remember anything?
That's great if you're a computer
Insidious thing, wondering if your partner...has another partner.
Years ago, if memory serves
I'd be surprised if you could.
Even if you could get into the museum, the Mask bas its own security system
Besides, if I lacked certain ethical scruples about the ownership of property--which I do not--I wouldn't need a partner, much less a callow girl
And if they were true, I've retired.
Believe me, if you weren't so tiresome, I'd have one for you.
How about if you try disappearing.
How about if I try humility.
Well, then -- if you're feeling up to it, maybe we should talk shop.
You think if you got no uterus, and no breasts, you're still technically a woman?
With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk
So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point.
Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains
Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy
I don't mean to be a pain in PG&E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it
Say you'd be the luckiest son of a bitch on Earth if I didn't up and quit over all this.
I'm sorry, are you saying that if this thing goes to trial, it'll be <u>ten years</u> before these plaintiffs see their money?
And if you had to guess ...
Kurt thought, if it was just lawyers --
You'd drag me off my deathbed if it suited you.
And if they didn't know, we can't hit 'em for punitive damages
Okay, here's the deal -- if, and only if, you find me the evidence to back all this up -- I'll do it
I wouldn't be surprised if there's more.
Fuck if I'll help you do that.
But if you think I'm leaving here without a job, you got another thing coming.
The easiest thing would probably be if I just squeezed back there with you and poked around myself
Oh -- I wouldn't advertise what you're looking for if I were you ...
I was wondering if you could tell Mr
Promise you'll turn around if you get tired.
Call a cab if you wanna go somewhere.
How about if I take you out on a date to apologize for my rudeness?
Ooh, now, see, if I'da known there was a beautiful woman next door, I'da done this different
I thought if I could spend that kinda money on a car, it'd mean everything else was fine
Here, if you don't do the work, you don't get to stay.
Well, if you're talking about contamination, you're getting out of my area of expertise
If you end your training now, if you choose the quick and easy path ... as Vader did ... you will become an agent of evil ... and the galaxy will be plunged deeper into the abyss of hate, despair and pain that you feel your friends suffering now.
Listen, friend, we didn't mean to land here, and if I could get my fighter out of this puddle I would, but I can't
But, if he could be turned, he would be a powerful ally.
But all the perimeter markers are set, so you'll know if anyone comes calling.
I do hope he's all there ... if you take my meaning
Mistress Leia has been trying to reach you on the communicator, but either you have it turned off, or it is malfunctioning ... if it's damaged, Artoo, could fix it, if you like.
They're just trying to see if they can stir something up ... we're safe.
But we're going to get pulverized if we stay out here much longer.
I'll be surprised if we ever start moving.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
I could have helped you plenty in that department ... if you'd have let go for a minute
You don't know much about much if you think Vader won't want us dead before this is over.
It would be most unfortunate if I had to leave a permanent garrison here.
I could get more loyalty if I went down the hall and recruited some of those snow creatures.
What would you think if I went away for a while?
But if once start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny
But if you join me, together we could overthrow Him
I merely asked her if she was
But if you even so much as break wind on a country road I'll crush you like a bug.
Rich, clever--but if it is to be Guenevere, so be it.
You can see it in bits and pieces, for if mortal men were to see it whole and all complete in a single glance, why, it would burn him to cinders.
I was hoping I could ask you for a little magic help, but if it makes you so tired...
Forgive me, my wife, if you can
And if he cannot be found, no other knight will champion me, though you beseeched each and every one of them
Why be king if there is no one you can call loyal subject but an eager boy?
I grant you your wish if you grant Lady Guenevere hers.
No, I think it's better if you just stay here to heal
Quite frankly, we don't know much about it except that it's starts with some conflict or guilt that eventually leads to the patient's delusion that his body's been invaded by an alien intellegence; a spirit if you will.
But if a certain British doctor never asked "What's this fungus?" we wouldn't today have penicillin
Incidentally, just a chance in a million, I know; but your daughter - you could possibly ask her if she saw Mr
It could be one way: if someone came calling between the time Miss Spencer left and the time you returned
Does your daughter remember if perhaps Mr
Karl if you put this in Regan's room I want you to tell me, now did you?
Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte
Well before the church approves an exorcism, it conducts an investigation to see if it's warranted
I mean, what if a person, let's say, was a criminal, like maybe a murderer or something, you know
Dennings if you like.
I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested
They don't know class if it walks up and grabs 'em by the balls.
Well, if it isn't the fabulous Baker Boys!
Wonder if I saw him I'd think it was you?
So, if during-the next few days, we should happen to pass one another in the hallway or in the lobby or wherever ... don't be a stranger
But if it doesn't work out, let me know
I just figure things'll go smoother, you know, if we have it all worked out from the beginning.
Frank asked if she'd sit in for a song, she said yes, and we did a few bars.
All right, but if you change your mind, let me know
We agreed that if I took care of the business; I'd be entitled to the extra
No, you gotta go 'cause if you don't get up there every couple weeks you feel guilty
Look, I just thought if you came out you might see what you're missing.
And if she asks what it's about, don't tell her
But if you call my house and my mother answers, ask for Blanche
So if I'm so 'late how come you're still here?
So it might be nice if you conducted yourself with a certain amount of decency.
You'd think if she was gonna wear her street clothes she'd have enough sense to come in the back
You want to know if he's okay
But I know a place uptown, if you want --
Look, if you want to leave...
Mama used to say, dance with a man once, but if you can feel calluses on his fingers, don't dance with him again
It means you wouldn't know good if it came up and fucked you.
But I figure, if you're gonna be sticking something in your mouth, you might as well make it the best
Even if she comes here?
You mean if I get sick?
I started wondering -- if you couldn't switch back -- would it make a difference?
Jon, if I'm not there, he will be tipped off
I'm not hiding in my work, if that's what you're saying.
Not if I kill you first ...
Now if you'll excuse me, I've got an important government job to abuse, -- and a beautiful wife to fuck
But if you need proof --
I won't tell mom if you don't.
Okay, if you insist
Mind if I ask what kind of sales you did last year
So if Im Kate...I cant really afford the finer things, my husbands career is a crushing disappointment to me, Im trapped in suburbia...
I dont care if youre Tim Allen with your fancy car and all your tools, you still cant park here.
So you're telling me, you've got a gun to your head and you don't think for one second, what if this, what if that, maybe I shouldn't do this, I shoulda done that.
It would help me if we were.
Because if you dont, then its like it never happened and I dont think I could live with that.
I'm still mad at you...  ...who knows what wouldve happened if you hadnt stepped in at the store.
The Jack Campbell I married wouldnt need a $2400 suit to make himself feel better about his life, but if thats what its gonna take, then buy it
I pick up the kids, walk the dog, which by the way, carries the added bonus of carting away her monstrous crap...I play with the kids, take out the garbage, get six hours of sleep if Im lucky, and then it starts all over again...and why is it that I always have to drive everyone everywhere
Lets go wake Josh, see if he wants to walk her.
But...Im afraid that if you get on that plane...
I know if I can just sleep this off, Ill be fine...
You wouldn't say that, if you could see me.
I think if we can rework the power settings...
Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse
Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works --
What if he made the call to shut us down --
But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits
Reed, what if we got these gifts for a <u>reason</u>
What if we have some, you know...like, calling?
I don't know if "we've" noticed, but the sickest runs this side of the Alps are <i>right outside that window</i> --
And if he's not...?
Victor, if we could understand what happened to us --. <u>Abort</u>
I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger
You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better --
I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
I wouldn't know if he's trying to save him or kill him.
Wouldn't it be quicker if we all helped?
And if we give up, there'll be no way of saving Mr
Well, if you happen to be very fond of him -- even in love with him -- it would certainly affect your point of view.
And if it should take more time to get through --. -- at which point the Heart will be stopped by electric shock.
You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.
But if it does, there's no telling how long it will hold up
What happens if we overstay?
Well, it seems to me if you reduce a ship to microscopic size -- and the stream remains constant -- we'd take quite a beating.
We'll be smashed to bits if there's any turbulence --
You ask those three pour souls up in Brainerd if a deal's a deal
And even if they did, I wouldn't get it
Yah, but the deal was, the car first, see, then the forty thousand, like as if it was the ransom
You sat there and darned if you didn't tell me you'd get this car, these options, WITHOUT THE SEALANT, for nineteen-five!
I'll handle the call if you want, Jerry.
Now if Lorraine calls, or Sylvia, you just say that Mom is in Florida with Pearl and Marty...
What if - what if sumpn goes wrong?
I'm sorry, sir, I -. ...If it's so damned important to ya!
And they called someone who works here, so it'd be quite a coincidence if they weren't, ya know, connected.
I'm on my way out of town, but I was just - Do you mind if I sit down
Well, I'm a police officer from up Brainerd investigating some malfeasance and I was just wondering if you've had any new vehicles stolen off the lot in the past couple of weeks - specifically a tan Cutlass Ciera?
Do you mind if I sit down - I'm carrying quite a load here.
I wonder if I could take just a minute of your time here -
Okay, because if I can't correlate this note with the specific vehicles, then I gotta call back that money -
So if you could read me -
Maybe if you could just read them to me -
I assume, if you're not innarested, you won't mind if we move on it independently.
Heck, if I'm only gettin' bank interest, I'd look for complete security
I'd be very surprised if our suspect was from Brainerd.
Yah, if you're an engineer, yah, you could do a lot worse
I was married to - You mind if I sit over here?
What brings ya down - are ya down here on that homicide - if you're allowed, ya know, to discuss that?
Well, associating with criminals, if you're the one they talked to, that right there would be a violation of your parole and would end with you back in Stillwater.
What the heck, Jerry, if I wanted bank interest on seven hunnert'n fifty thousand I'd go to Midwest Federal
I'm not disclosed to bespeak any such information to you, nor would I, even if I had said information you want, at this juncture be able.
I just need to know if you've seen Tyler Durden.
Call me from the road if there are any snags
Well, if any ideas come to you, give me a call
I don't know if you're aware... your front door -- it seems someone sprayed freon into the lock, then tapped it with a chisel to shatter the cylinder.
Okay, if that's what it takes, you'll never have to see me again
Do this for me, if you never do anything else...
You mean, you want to know if I think we were just having sex or making love?
Why would you get bent if I asked?
Why would you ask if it's a guy or a girl?!
I need you to check and see if there's a lump in my breast
Marla...the little scratch on the roof of your mouth that would heal if only you could stop tonguing it, but you can't.
And, if our fathers bailed, what does that tell us about God?
I'm wondering if another woman is the answer we really need.
How much can you really know about yourself if you've never been in a fight
I can't if you watch.
Why don't you cut the shit and ask if you can stay at my place?
But I can't die if Eugene and Isabella are still alive
So if you give us the pregnant lady's number, we can warn her about the lake and she'll live long enough to have the baby.
Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up.
What if the others are in danger, too?
Maybe if you're real lucky, you'll wind up in here with me
He said "only new life can defeat death."  If she gives birth to a baby that was never meant to be born, a brand new soul that was never part of Death's Design...
So if you never got off the plane, none of us would be alive in the first place.
I don't...what if I made a mistake?
It sounds all well and good, but what if we're wrong?
And if I die..
I don't know what I'd do if I lost you.
I'll call you if I have a problem.
That, if, we have been aware of... would have saved everyone on the plane.
Tod, if you're not dead I'm gonna fucking kill you!
What if Tod... is just the first... of us?. "It?"
What if your body wants that airplane food out of your system and you have to go torque a wicked cable and then right after you walks in Christa or Blake
Why would he pull at the wire if he were committing suicide?
Please tell me I'm gonna get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.. 'Cause if you say another word, I'm gonna fuckn' kill ya!
They're watching me, see if I go to Alex.
Well, if there weren't POWs before, there are now.
We don't try to pull out any of our guys if we find them?
Your two-man team will probe the site, confirm the presence of American POWs, if any, make photographic and tactical observations, then proceed to the extraction point without engaging the enemy.
Do you have any idea the shitstorm if he'd gotten back with that guy
Rambo was a decorated Vietnam vet, a former POW himself... if he came out and said "No POWs" the sub-committee would buy it
Mind if I sit down?
What a boring world if we were
Maybe I was a man in a former life and I used women for pleasure so now I'm paying for it - which would be fine, if I could just remember some of the pleasure parts...
This will last you one year after which you have the option to renew if... you like at a membership discount.
Listen, so much has happened and I think it would be a good thing for both of us if we slowed things down a little.
There's coffee if you want.... <u>Whoah</u>
He says if I want to get back to work, no problem
I thought... if... if I can help him in some way... you know?... get him this girl he loves..
And I thought, if I could get them together I...
What if I was a relative?
It would be nice if you acted like you understood.
See if you're interested.
We would've had his ass if we had horses
Well, if every time someone did something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble, I think they might alter their behavior
I think you're the greatest thing since... spice racks and I would be knocked out several times if I even got just a first kiss
And I will call if you let me..
I wish I'd known.... 'Cause if it was me, I could just catch a Greyhound back.
I'll go out with you, or I'll stay here, and do anything you'd like for me to do... if you'll just do one thing
How 'bout if I just cut off your damn water?
I think they wouldn't be as violent if they were clean, because then they wouldn't have anybody to pick on..
We're both professionals, if you didn't guess.
Well, if you just maybe did something with your hair, or...
I could spend some time with you tomorrow morning, before Carl comes back, I mean, if you'd like to.
Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to take a bath.
You've made it clear that if I can cut a little piano, I might get a little response.
I've got an extra jacket behind the seat, if you want to put it on.
At any rate, Dad wanted to hire a private detective to ferret you out, and I said, "What for?" Whatever the hell he's doing, even if it's a completely wasteful escapade, it's entirely his business
And uh... can you imagine, if their doors were painted a pretty color, and they had a pot outside, with...
Come down!. 'Cause you know what, you're not supposed to know but yesterday she lent me her pills for her Moms and if I don't give 'em to her she's gonna die
Man, if I go down you're goin' down with me.
I know how ta get him back if you want.
Now if anybody in DC wants to make something of that, bring 'em on
I'm not going through formal channels here, because if Alan Stanwyk is not involved in any improprieties, then nobody has to know I was even --
Wouldn't go there if you paid me
Well, if he had one, it would certainly be in here
I couldn't sit home and play the mournful widow anymore, and the police didn't need me, so I tried watching a Lakers game on TV, but the announcer talked to fast and I couldn't understand a lot of what was happening, so I figured if I came down here maybe you could explain the rules to me, and besides, I missed you.
Get me on the first shot, if you can.
No one would notice if you disappeared
I wonder if that's his doctor.. '...Stanwyk, blahblahblah, with internist Doctor Joseph Dolen.'
Only if you promise not to return me.
Listen, if you're so bored, why didn't you go to Utah with Alan?
Mind if I keep practicing
He threw me in a cell, took a gun and a knife and threatened to kill me right there if I didn't promise to give up the story.
I think we've got a case if we can make it through the cavalcade of bimbos, here...
This whole father/son thing, if you're not into it, I mean, it's okay
Yeah you assholes, it's in a very safe place with instructions to have it sent directly to the police if I don't make a phone call by seven o'clock
So if you'll excuse us...
And if I told you that you already knew all that shit, and that you had them killed, what would you do then?
Cause if I do.
You must trust me -- this is an extremely complicated situation to which there is a simple solution if you do exactly what I tell you
They'll close you down if they ever get a look at those busted-valise broads you run with.
Walter, I can make this case if the Feds will get the hell out of my way.
I'm goin' check on this address in the Bronx, if you're bullshitting me, it's your ass.
What if I told you that in the bottom of the 6th we're gonna be down 3-0
What if I could prove it to you, Satch?
Frank, this is not the time to be worried about covering up if you had a thing with this girl.
This time I'm right behind you if you fall.
I'm gonna do some checking - see if I can put any of this together...
See if anybody's watching her, hittin' on her
What if the radio stops working
Christ, what if I can't reach you again?
And if they could only solve it, everything would be okay
But if you look real close - look at their eyes - you can see it
They will if they catch him in the act
He can't hurt her if I take her away.
What if it's not...
Gordo, if this is you, so help me...
During the day you can chew the band with China if you want.
I think it's somewhere in the closet... if you can find it.
Hey, OK if Gordy uses your old gear?
Mind if I shake it off first...so's I can concentrate better.
Would you be yourself...  ...if you looked this this?
I'll let you know if I hear anything about your counselors.
But what if they try and scare us?
You're gonna be sorry if you don't shut the fuck up.
In the morning I'll call that clinic and see if they...
If you still care about her, if you still want to try to make things better between you two...we should talk.
Listen, since I got you on the phone -- ask the guys there if they wanna chip in for a hooker
Yeah, well somebody fucked her and if I find out it was you, I'm gonna come over there and shoot you in the head.
That Josh, a man I've trusted with my own life on more than one occasion -- let me see if I've got the order right here -- tried to rape Diana...got the back of his head blown off...took a poker through the gut...fell through a plate glass window and then magically disappeared into the night.
I wonder if she'll narc on us...
But if it mysteriously disappears en route, I'll have you sent back home the minute we dock
I thought maybe we could hike to the top of the Statue when we got there, if you felt like it
But if you know their history, you realize there's a tragedy in the making
Even if the truth about a person is sad or depressing or shocking?
I don't know if I can say that.
What happens if somebody comes in here right now and shoots you?
What good is heartbreak if we don't experience it firsthand?
He feels he has to defend himself if necessary.
Not if you stopped hurting people
The Viceroy has agreed to your release if you will speak for non- violence.
I think if we all worked to publicize it... all of the Congress... every avenue we know.
Not if they arrest me -- or a thousand -- or ten thousand
Is it over if they arrest you now?
It is foolish if it is just to save the life of an old man.
You see if we repeal the Act under pressure  under this kind of pressure it will create a great deal of resentment
Well, if you ask, General Smuts, I'm sure it will be done.
The Muslims rose and there was a bloodbath, and now the Hindus are taking revenge -- and if we can't stop it there'll be no hope for the Hindus left in Pakistan.
Bapu, for me, and the rest,  if that is what you want, we will accept it
We were wondering if we should leave some things to chance.
We'll vacuum these streets if we have to.
I'll take it out of your damn <i>pension</i> if you question my authority one more time!
From outside, if you have to.
Even if you ignore the man's expiration date, his profile suggests that he doesn't have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass their physicals.
Even if this Vincent Luca <i>is</i> alive, is it likely he could bludgeon a man to death?
I guess I'd better have something important to say if it takes that long to get an answer.
Jesus, if I'd known you were going to go belly up on me at the last fucking gasp, I wouldn't have bothered
Even if the "J
You think your children would be less human if they were less violent, angry, spiteful
Do you think for one moment you'd be doing what you're doing if it wasn't for who you are--<i>what</i> you are
But "if it came to it" then it couldn't have your--  --nose
It isn't worth anything if we don't make it together.
I'll screw every prison official in Texas if I have to.
It doesn!t make much difference where you are, if you're waiting, Doc.
Local police have one car, a rover, shouldn't be in the vicinity at the time we hit unless it's answering an emergency call... if the cop car shows up remember it doesn't have any automatic weapons
How about if I buy your car for ten grand?. 'Bout five thousand.
I got to thinking it would be nice if the bloke you were after was the same bloke I wanted off my back,  You know my life
Trouble is, if I try and they find out, I'm dead.
What happens if I miss the train?
Wondered if I knew where you was staying
Keith, if anybody comes in here and asks for me, you let me know
And you should know, if I remember rightly.
What if you don't get caught?
We were, if we were that kind of guys, to knock it off, and trash the joint, it looks like robbery, and take the fuckin' leads out of the files...go to Jerry Graff.
I, um, and may...maybe they're in... they're in...you should, John, if we're ins...
How do you know I made it up?. ...excuse me, nothing, you be as cold as you want, but you just fucked a good man out of six thousand dollars and his goddamn bonus 'cause you didn't know the shot, if you can do that and you aren't man enough that it gets you, then I don't know what, if you can't take some thing from that...  you're scum, you're fucking white- bread
That if the sale sticks, it will be a miracle.
What if you don't
What if you don't close...?
And what if you don't close.
Shelly.... ...I, if you'd listen to me
You take your time and if you still feel.
That's raw... well, if I did, then I'm glad I did
I know if I left you to yourselves, you'd say 'come back tomorrow,' and when I walked out that door, you'd make a cup of coffee...you'd sit down...and you'd think 'let's be safe...' and not to disappoint me you'd go one unit or maybe two, because you'd become scared because you'd met possibility
You needn't feel ashamed, you needn't feel that you're being untrue...or that she would abandon you if she knew
Monday, if you'd invite me for dinner again..
I don't "want" it, if you catch my drift.
What if we don't pay?
But if you disobey me, and marry this pimp...it would disappoint me.
He'll never forgive me if you ruin his party.
Of course, if my information as to your gains is incorrect, I'll dip my beak just a little
He said you and Roth were in on some big deal, and there was a place for me in it if I could help them out
They said you were being tough on the negotiation, and if they had a little bit of help, they could close it fast and it would be good for you.
What if Carlo had been paid to help get Sonny killed
What if his beating of Connie that time was a deliberate plot to get Sonny out into the open
And what if the Don, a great man, couldn't bring himself to do what he had to do, avenge his son's death by killing his daughter's husband
What if that, finally, was too much for him, and he made Michael his successor, knowing that Michael would take that load off his shoulders, would take that guilt?
What if I gave you what might be some justification for what he did... or rather some possible justification for what he possibly did.
And he asked me... he asked me, Tom, if that meant now his father would shoot him out of... revenge
Rocco tried to say she wasn't in, but Kay spotted them and asked if they would take her and the kids for a ride
If there's anything certain; certain in life; if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill..
But if they do have somebody, you'll do three years for perjury if you give them so much as a wrong middle name.
But if you're wrong...
He landed in Buenos Aires yesterday, offered a gift of one million dollars if they would give him citizenship
You know there's a Senate Investigating Committee recently set up; we thought it would be unfortunate if they were to trace anything though-provoking to your name.
I would never let it happen; no, never, not if it took all my strength, all my cunning
Meyer Klingman runs the store, and does all right, but I've been instructed to tell you, that if you move him out, our friend in Miami will go along with you.
How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise-guys stand up and demand this and that, and then give it to them?
You know if there's a way I'll go to the commission and the commission will side with me
What if I say shove it?
We're independent, but we're here if you need us
Go wash glasses if you don't like it.
It will be better if I find the body alone.
I fear only that you might hurt him if he tries.
The Master wants to know if you are free for lunch
Look, if you want to die do it yourself!
Said he'd be more use to his country if he stayed home and looked after his family.
After dinner, if Hanna isn't back
But only if you ease up on the locker room talk
I know a real man like you would break my neck if I so much as laid a hand on him
Plus what you'd get if you did the hedges.
And if you forget, there's always someone to remind you
Oh if it's going to make you uncomfortable..
You'll charge extra if I include a hand or a bit of shoulder.
I'd like it very much if you'd join me.
I wonder if they knew how sick they were.
See if his name's on it
But if you'd like to sit --
You won't need my help if anything goes flooey.
I didn't know if you'd be well enough to come to this party.
God help you if you don't ...
And if he doesn't make it -- ?
Because if you did kill me, and everyone knew it was you - for the next ten years they'd be finding pieces of those you love scattered all over California ...
But if you got some wild one you just picked up at the track, you wouldn't put on Cat Stevens or James Taylor
Or, if you really wanted to get after it: Miles.
You ever wonder what things'd be like if he hadn't died?
And you sit there - eating olives and talking basketball, as if, at this very moment, people weren't plotting your demise ...
Just that if I was less secure, I might think you were more into Eleanor than you are me...
Seeing if you wanted to go for a ride?
And, if you hear about anybody else fucking around with that shit, you tell me.
I'm afraid if Paulie finds out.
He says they're going to rescind your bail if you don't show up and sign in right now
I don't know if I could live that way
What if, God forbid, you go to prison
It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years.
What if I don't want to?
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you
I don't care what his family's like or if he doesn't have any brothers, but he doesn't have to lie to me.
No, why didn't you fight him at the park if you wanted to
Allegedly, what I am saying is your situation will be concurrently improved if I had two hundred sheets in my pocket right now.
Well, if something was stolen, I should know about it.
Listen, I'll be nearby so, if you need some help, or you get stuck again, don't be afraid to give me a call.
Do it if it's what you really want.
I really am. 'Cause if you could I wouldn't be forced to watch you fumble around and fuck it up.
If you push him into something, if you ride him--
Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way for the rest of his life, to feel like a failure.. --I don't have any anger at you--. --Yes you are, Sean
And if you try to push him into this, it's going to be the same thing all over again
Because any one of those kids would come in here and take a bat to your head if he asked them to
Look Sean, I don't care if you have a rapport with the boy-- I don't care if you have a few laughs-- even at my expense
To show me he doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to.
I don't care if you're putting from the rough
Only if you grab my ass.
I don't care if Helen of Troy walked into that bar
Do I wonder if I'd be better off if I never met my wife?
Do you ever wonder what your life would be like if you never met your wife?
I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person.
So if I asked you about art you could give me the skinny on every art book ever written...Michelangelo
And if I asked you about women I'm sure you could give me a syllabus of your personal favorites, and maybe you've been laid a few times too
And if I asked you about love I'd get a sonnet, but you've never looked at a woman and been truly vulnerable
How about Noam Chomsky's "Manufacturing Consent?". "A History of the United States, Volume I." If you want to read a real history book, read Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States." That book will knock you on your ass.
Look, Will if you're not in love with me, you can say that.
What if I said I wouldn't sleep with you again until you let me meet your friends?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Reckon we better begin roustin' 'em out if we aim to get outa here by daylight
I don't care nothin' about you, but if you mess in this, your whole fambly li'ble to get in trouble, an' Tom get sent back to the penitentiary.
Think I'll look aroun' an' see if I can't meet me a girl.
We don't need a warrant if it's a riot.
Can't promise you that, but there'll be a licensed agent here tomorrow mornin', if you want to talk to him.
Can't tell if you hear it or not
Well, a fella can't even eat on that, an' if he got kids..
Well, if it ain't Tom Joad
Course I'll say grace if somebody sets out the food--  --but my heart ain't in it
Sure, but you'd a throwed a fit if I hadn't tol' you.
I'd a walked her if my dogs wasn't pooped out.
I could break up some bresh if you want me, ma'am.
And I don't give a hoot in a hollow if they's oranges and grapes crowdin' a fella outa bed even, I ain't a- goin' to California
Ma... you know, if Connie was here I wouldn't min' any a this.
They'd all get upset if I done anymore 'n that
An' if you think diff'unt, you gotta whup me first
Jus' scrounge aroun' an' try to fin' out what it is that's wrong, an then see if they ain't sump'n could be done about it
Soon or later they'll get me, for one thing if not another
An' I been wonderin' if all our folks got together an' yelled--
Your pa tol' me you didn't ought to cross it if you're paroled
The chillun ain't gettin' enough to eat as it is, and they're so ragged we'd be shamed if ever'body else's chillun wasn't the same way.
Sit up back an' if anybody tries to climb up--let 'im have it.
I won't--  --if you won't tell what *I* done!
Tom says if it's day it'll cut you gizzard smack out a you
An' if she gets outa han', I'll be in the right han' corner, this side the dance floor.
What if I come back?
Like King Phillip, in the 11th or 12th century who decided one day that he was so bored with his dreary life at home with his wife he thought, "Well, wouldn't it be great if we hit the road and fought... oh... the Saracens."  So he put the word out and was amazed when a million men signed up and all of them wanted to go and fight in distant lands and do terrible things to people rather than stay at home with their families.
I know what I do isn't moral, per se, but if you could just look past that, you'd see a man worth loving.
So if we do his job, we're the bad guys
Oh-- And if you could find out why they double- booked the job, and who is trying to kill me, and call me back-- that's be great.
And what if I decide not to go?
And even if they all decided to go out into the world, they'd always know where home was -- cause we'd keep it for 'em...
Ha... if you've never lived in a city with museums, theater, music, restaurants, uh... god, a million things, then it's something I can't explain.
I'm not sure I can do anything, but I'm prepared to give it a go --  -- if you'll help
Now -- it won't take long and if, after that, you still don't feel...
Booker, if I could just ex --
Look, even if it was nearer, that's just not what I do
Well, if you could just come for the day
I honestly don't know how I would have handled all this if I were you.
Listen, if... if there's a part of you as parent that... that takes pride in your child -- that, you can look at them and see something you've accomplished as well... if that's wrong, then I'm sorry
If I'm on your back to do better, if I push you to try harder it's because I want you to be the best you can be.
How can you --  I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom bothers you so much, but I happen to value having someone to talk to, especially when my own daughter ignores me night and day because no matter what I say, it's wrong and no matter what I do, it's wrong..
You didn't ask me if I wanted to come in the first place -- now I get to decide
Look, if you want to take it in the morning, that's fine.. -- enough time tomorrow
And I guess I thought as long as I did everything right -- if I was the best husband I could be, the best father... even being a good lawyer only mattered to me because of what it meant for us... if I could do all that, it wouldn't make any difference if we loved each other the same or not..
You don't know... if you want a life with me anymore..
Listen, if you need to come back and you want me to come take over, for a while, I'll work it out
And you think it's best if I don't come.
She will if you think she should.
What if she doesn't want to go?
I just have this feeling... this annoying... bloody feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim can be made all right... then so can Grace
Whether or not we were...  ... if we still we're thinking of redoing the couch.
I'll have another round of that spaghetti if may?
But I know if you try too many different lives, you can wind up with no life at all...
I know I could talk my way back if I wanted or... go to another magazine, someplace..
Just not sure if I want to.
I remember as a kid trying to imagine what a kid my age, centuries ago, walking over that same ground, was wondering about or, if they had the same problems as me... and I felt, connected to... to time itself, almost
I wanted to tell you that, if you'd like, you being so busy, I could take Grace to her therapy exercises for you
Would you mind if I did
He says if you do it soon as they're born, it makes them real easy to handle later on.
Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out from the back seat covered in snow..
So if you don't want to watch, I'll call you when it's done.
Not a question of if you can -- you are
I don't know if I can.
I don't know if I can with my leg.
I wouldn't know what to do if you were on time.
Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse bolts
It's a survival trait!. ...IF it weren't run by a bunch of profiteering gluttons!
But, if I were gonna hack some heavy metal, I'd, uh, work my way back through some low security, and try the back door.
Look, even if you had the passwords, it'll take you ten minutes to get in, and you've still gotta find the files, man, I mean, the cops will have you in... five minutes.
Fucked if I care, man.
You know if you would have said so in the beginning, you would have saved yourself a whole lot of trouble.
And if I win?
Kawasaki, and if I don't get it in, he's gonna ask me to commit Hari Kari...
We'll release him until his indictment, keep tight surveillance, and see if he leads us to your disc.
Look, even if by some miracle Michael is conscience, his muscles would be totally useless
What would you say if I told you that you were going to the Homecoming Dance tomorrow night?
What if it's the Wallaces!
And if you are right, damn you for letting him out.
I'd like to talk to you, if I could.
He asked me if I could help him find his purple lawnmower.
I couldn't if I tried.
That should take four hours if we're lucky, then we're on our way.
If...well, if we took the, if we took Fifth, then-then-then we'd get to your house first, yeah?
It's almost...almost, uhhh, entirely wholly interdependent, if you know what I mean
Well, I-I guess if you live in Chelsea, that's probably first.
Well, if it's nothing, then why do I have to go into the hospital at all
And be ready to make light of the offer if she's unresponsive
I wonder how he'd handle it if there was ever anything really wrong with him?
And I think if you gave him half a chance, you'd like him
You know, if they told me that I had a tumor, I was going to kill myself
MICKEY  No, naturally  they're not gonna tell you, because, well, you know, th--, sometimes the weaker ones will panic if you tell 'em.
We felt that if we were gonna do it, that we would like somebody who we knew and who we liked and who was warm and bright and...
Well, you know, I-I-I...you know, if you want me to, I'll read it.
Well, I'd love it if you'd read it, actually, 'cause I really would value your opinion.
Well, yes, I would if, uh, if it would mean anything to you
Mmm, I don't know if you remember me, but we had the worst night of my life together.. ...I had a great time tonight, really
Well, if you didn't like it, you didn't like it, but you didn't have to talk while the guy was singing.
Well, if he hasn't, I'm vastly mistaken.
You give me whatever I want...?. ...yes, if you'll, just step <u>away</u>...
But if you or he have any notlon, who would be buying Dr
He... would consider it a favor if he could make a <u>donation</u>
But it seemed as if they, as if they...
Well, if you will excuse me
And the connection, between Dante, and, in fact, between your illustrious forebears... if you'd come with me, I could show you...
Of course, <u>in</u> his offices, if you come across anything, any personal papers of his, anything, however trivial, would you contact me, please..
With all due respect, Doctor, if you fuck with me, I'll shoot you dead, do you understand...
How can we accept if we cannot <u>return</u> the.... ...my love...
That if <u>decision</u> were a useful tool, you wouldn't <u>be</u> here
Because if it was not you, then, perhaps it was Dr
I have to ask if you've placed those bids.
It's funny, when I first met you I thought you were such a weirdo...I still think you're a nut, but you're my nut.. "Why?" If I asked questions like that, I'd never make love-"love"-- Damn you, Damn this, damnit!
Oh, if you weren't such a pig...
I just wanted to know if you've seen this.
Do you realize if the women of America would have just heard what you said...
Why am I so--That's new--The way I figure it is if I can get through to just one camper...then I'm a pretty incompetent counselor.                                           ] Don't get caught
Hey, it's not a crush anymore if                            ] you actually say it to the person                           ] you supposedly have the...                                  ] ] JASPER                                             ] Thought I'd get points for a post-                          ] modern approach to coming on to you.                        ]
It would have been cooler if I'd died.
I thought if I could reverse the meaning of "sucks" so it means something positive, I don't know...It would be vaguely revolutionary
I learned high school happiness is for members only, Pauline Fleming wouldn't know reality if it lived in her uterus, and reality's name's Heather James
I told Dennis if he gave me another topic that was political, I'd spew burrito chunks.
It could be Westerburg's if we can get everyone's John Hancock.
He doesn't realize if you pay too much attention to the kids, you'll back off the cliff yourself.
Do you think, do you really think, if Betty Finn's fairy godmother made <u>her</u> Cool, she'd still act nice and hang with her dweebette friends
Just think what a better place the world would be if every nimrod followed her cue.
Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
Ha, there's only one of us who knows Heather's handwriting and if you think I'm doing another suicide note.
I've already started underlining <u>meaningful</u> passages in Heather's copy of Catcher in the Rye, if you know what I mean
But if this was like a suicide thing.....
What are we going to tell the cops? "Fuck it if she can't take a joke, Sarge."
No, but if you're nice I'll let you buy me a Slurpee
Greate pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the funeral tomorrow.
Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go throw up.
It would be wonderful if I could get tuberculosis, too.. leads a young man-JOHN-into the dining room.
You will never get better if you keep blaming yourself for your wife's death.
Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming
I'm not sure if I'm dreaming or...
Hey if you're not doing anything I'd like to buy you a beer after work
Even if the boss thought I was slacking I'd know right away.
This poor kid's going to be starting preschool as student x if we don't make up our minds
And besides, I thought, to hell with it... it's okay if you only married me for my money.
The best business decision if you ever made I'll bet.
What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder?
How much do I stand to inherit if Kirsty is presumed dead?
In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man
But I do know if one tenth of what's happening to me is reality..
Hey even if it is more power to ya
I'm not saying I hate sick people or anything but I hate being <u>around</u> them if you know what I mean
I mean, if I said it, wouldja believe me
What wouldja say if I toldja I ran into a burning plane an' saved a buncha people, Chick, an' risked my goddamnlife?
He comes home from the zoo, he wants to know if Elliot's a "war hero" like you... he wants to know how many people you killed...
Why would you deny it if it was
All this is off the record, Chucky, because if John Bubber lives, Mister LaPlante is going to give him his assurance that there will be no more "misbehavior" on his part
And they're not going to be happy if he jumps to his death because he was harassed by a lousy little money-grubbing low-life fence...
Uh, if you could, just, uh, support, uh, a small airfield...
But I, uh, wonder if you could up support... support a program to help the needy and...
Listen, Deak, what if Bubber <u>has</u> got something to hide
What if he's the wrong guy, not really the hero...?
But if he shows up and somebody else gets him first or exclusive...
But if you gotta wear a cast, you oughtta feature it more it's parta the story
I wonder if you'd mind if we waited for him here, Mister Winston...
Half the time he don't answer even if he's home
I can't help you if you don't help yourself
And how are things with your lady friend, if I may call her that?
It's something positive that you've accomplished -- even if you were forced by circumstance -- something for you to build upon.
I can't help it if my homework is torn to shreds three times a week by someone <u>much</u> bigger than me</u>.
And if you want to talk to me -- <u>call</u>.
And if he's not interested anymore, then you'll find another company to go to maybe even your own
He called me a traitor in front of everybody and told me if I wanted to be a VP over at Lowenthal I might as well pack up and go -- only <u>Lowenthal never</u> <u>showed up for our lunch</u>
Someone nice will find him if he gets lost.
Honey, nobody buys a house overnight -- if someone else comes back at them, well, we might have to make a counter offer
What if someone else buys it in the meantime?
It'll be even shorter if I get that new job
Two -- three if you count the husband.
All right then, if I have to go to school then I'd better go.
Would you mind if Rudolf had a look too?
I asked the State Department to check with our Embassies and Interpol to see if there were any similar occurrences like the bank
Perhaps -- but if I must face it, let it find me, for I shall search for it no more.
Since we hardly know each other, I'm sure you'll understand if I hold one to it for awhile.
I must leave, for if I stayed others would surely hear of this and worse than they will come.
I only know that if he wins the world will suffer for it.
Yes -- if they were trying to get in -- but what if they weren't
What if they were trying to get out?
I was wondering if I could talk to you?
I do not know -- and even if I did...
But if the cops end up with those disks, we cut our losses.
But if you stay in this house, I can promise you this --
You won't die if you let me help.
She'll be dead if you don't put your ass in that chair!
The only way he can keep the cash is if nobody knows about it
Not if they're looking at something else.
What if he wakes up?
What if he's dead
What if you killed him?
Because if you don't take the chance, you're already dead.
Not if they don't catch us, Kevin.
Only if you try to grab me
And if he wants someone to swing for the Chinaman, we'll give'm Mars.
I don't know if the place has security or not.
What if it goes south?
Ask if I can keep it.
Then we don't know if she's part of this or not
Did he say if she was shooting at him?
See if you can open Al.
But I might be able to sneak into the office if they're not around
But if you think those guys could catch you, then I don't want you to do it, okay?
Could you climb out your window if we were downstairs to catch you?
However if the army return they will expect important people such as yourself to be in these grand rooms.
Do you think if you or I were being dragged from here, any one of them would lift a finger to help us?
But if this thing gets worse, we must close
Paul, if you have one call in all the world to stop this, who would you call?
So we don't even know if she's alive or dead --
Even if I were inclined, I've had better -- and a lot safer -- opportunities to kill off a wife.
But then look at the bright side: if there's only one of you still upright at dawn, you'll be leaving here with five million dollars in your pocket.
I'll stay, if it'll ease your mind.
Put it this way: if it's your face on that tape, Mr
It's yours -- if you just get me the hell out of here now.
Hey, if everybody's gonna kill each other, could you do it in another room
If you need me, I'll be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this thing into their fucking head
A simple leak, if it's okay with you.
So how's a girl to know if these things are loaded, baby?
You know how happy I'd be if that was really true, Evelyn
And how positively goddamn delirious if you weren't fucking every living thing in our area code at the same goddamn time!
And if you say it wasn't you -- then who the hell did, Evelyn?
Maybe if I --
I wouldn't be opening this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested 100% safe.
Wouldn't know what to do with it all --. -- even if I give you a million as well?. -- my loss --
Price, if I could just please have --
I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to.
The dagger is used to free those possessed if stabbed directly into the heart, according to ancient beliefs -
She has a lot more to adjust to...new friends, new schools...it would be good if she had a stable family environment.
I could see if I detect the presence of something.
The church is a stone's throw away if you want to come to mass.
It can't hurt you if you're not afraid Aubrey
We must return it, if you want your daughter back.
Not at all, if it can help.
Do you mind if I borrow it?
But ... if your soul was freed, why are you back?
And if we mourned, we mourned in silence
Maybe it'd help if I slept sometime ..
Like, if you've got a guy there or something ...
Do you mind if I continue?
Everybody knows that if you mess with the Kremlin, you'll end up in a Siberian gulag eating your own fingernails.
Actually we're in Italy, Snickers, she said as if it made a difference.
Yeah, but what would happen if that little mirror came out of the crystal.
You wouldn't be out if it wasn't for me
Well, if you put it that way, Minnie
You know Kaplan, if you weren't the slimiest pinata of shit that ever lived, I'd feel sorry for you.
They may be scum, but if I get the Da Vinci model back, then we'll be roasting weenies on the beach.
At the time, I was bald with a beard, no moustache, and I had a different nose, so if you don't recognize me, I won't be offended.
So if you know everything about Hudsucker, tell me why the Board decided to make Norville Barnes president.
Ah guess ole Moses knows jes about ever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.
You're going to throw them all away chasing after money and ease and the respect of a Board that wouldn't give you the time of day if you... if you...
Well -- this year -- if it's good I plan to make it a tradition
Probably is one of the boys, if you know what I mean.
Mind if I join you?. -- these were the values that were instilled in me while I was growing up in a little town you've probably never heard of --
What kind of bar is it if ya can't get a martini?!
I understand if ya don't like the Buzz-Sucker
I don't care if you're president of the company
Of course, as president of the company the ultimate decision is yours.. -- So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch --
Every day I dress her just as beautifully as if she was well
We'll see if we can't make her well, Alma, you and I.
Then I told her the god, Shango, would be pleased and kill the evil spirits in the water if she boiled it
It must be hard work entertaining me if it requires six ounces of rum.
But I've been wondering -- you know if you could leave the whisky decanter off the table --
That could be a serious accusation, Rand, if it weren't a foolish one.
I tell you he hasn't and he wouldn't dare use it if he had.
So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do
I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me
You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth
Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse
I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean.
Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again --
It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after
I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got --  Oh hell
I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr
It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess...
But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff --
I would have if I'd had the chance.. -- 73
The point is if I'd had any sense in me I'd have divorced your mother 40 years ago, and that's the truth, and here it is, 1972 --. -- What advice
Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK
Well, I saw what I saw, and if you don't want to believe me --
Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl
Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization?
I'm sorry if I got you into trouble
You know, only if you want to...
What if Mikey
Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there.
Asked if she could visit me
What if someone finds out?
Nothing if not vampires...
I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies
You'd be dead not if I hadn't.
And if I cut my hair again?
But if she dies...
You would leave me for Armand if he beckoned you.
You finish her - if you feel so much -
Kill them swiftly if you will, but do it
And what if there is no hell, or they don't want us there
And if I don't?
But if I were, what would I want with you?
Kill me if you will, but I can't do this...
I'd call this four spoiled city kids who wouldn't know a hurricane if it blew up their butts
You can toss a shoe at me if it gets out of hand.
What if I don't have anything happy from childhood...Sorry, I can't relax going five hundred miles an hour, or four thousand, four hundred feet a minute..
Something is gonna hit your butt if you don't quit complaining.
I wonder if my editor's psychic
I just came to see if your prayer would entertain me as much as my medicine seems to amuse you.
If the wind shifts, if the sirocco blows -- the hot wind from the South -- all danger will be over in twenty-four hours.
Did you hear what Thea said -- as if she knew what threatens us.
I want you to know that my room is just downstairs --  You have only to cry out if you are ill  or frightened.
Come, Thea, if you're going to claim him as your father you've got to make up your mind
What if he is?
Now, sir, if you'll excuse me, I'll go have a look at Mr
Damn me, if I know
Do you mind if I go with you?
You were at those battles as a spectator   I wonder if you can think what that sound might mean to me  those men out there  dead or dying  by my order -- because I willed it so.
Then if I wasn't born, who am I?
And if you ask me, that's where you belong.
It sounded as if you said no charge.
Now, if you'll just point me in the right direction . . 
Sick in his mind, sick in his soul, if he has one
Now, look  if you'll point me in the right direction . . . would you do that
I wonder if it would be possible for you to give me twenty-four hours to think it over?
This town needs this measly one-horse institution if only to have some place where people can come without crawling to Potter
You see, if you shoot pool with some employee here, you can come and borrow money
You know, if it wasn't me talking I'd say you were the prettiest girl in town.
You look at me as if you didn't know me.
With butter, if they got any....
They're okay, if they got little white canes and tin cups.
Take it somewhere and see if there's film in it....
Don't go out if it's rough or any- thing, huh
You really caused a panic on a public beach, you shoot up the place, God knows who could've been injured -- what if somebody de- cides to sue us
I want to know if a Great White Shark did this.
That's $1200 commission, if the papers go through.
And I stood by while you told the people from Ramada and Marriott that if they put up a hotel they'd need $800,000 worth of steel net around their beaches
It'll take us to Budapest if you're not careful.
Brody, look -- if he can't go, then you can't go
I can go out if I want to.
Look -- if you're going to get in the way, you can just go home.
And if you have any questions about recreational possibilities, Ellen Brody here will be happy to answer them.
My dad had it, and I don't know if you can inherit it or what, but I got it, and I hate it
Yeah, and so will I be if I start swimming in that blackass jungle.
Amity's fine with me if it's fine with her.
My mother always told me, if God had intended us to ride parachutes for fun, we'd have been born with free tickets....
I always thought when I grew up I'd know what to do about things like this...I don't even know if he's serious....
Only if he finds out..
The world would be a better place if more sons danced with their mothers.
Mind if I cut in
If it works, if we can get it inside the bastard and set it off, it'll shock the hell out of it
You see if I don't
Mama, listen, I'm gonna sing this like I will if I go on the stage
You see if she isn't
I'll give it back to you some day, too, you see if I don't
Mama, darlin', if I'm a success in this show, well, we're gonna move from here
What if we need a back up?. <u>Hit those wipers, Ross</u>.
When you had the Fat Lady in there, and I asked you if she was lying, you looked me right in the eyes and said <u>yes</u>
And if the King of fucking England had walked in & told me different, I wouldn't have bel- ieved him - because <u>you</u> told me ..
I mean, stop me if I'm going up the wrong nostril ..
Alright, I didn't, but I nearly did, and if I had I'd have been right .
I never asked if he could "see." I just asked one or two of the stud- ents if they remembered anything?
He says, you freaked one of em out?  "Asking a newly blind kid if he can 'see,' is both cruel, and dangerous" ..
And if she gets on a plane and goes to Peru with the prick, she's still not missing
Why did he ask if it was frozen?
I think he would have if he could have - been trying to get me up here long enough - I think he may have bribed the old guy to retire ..
Mind if I swing by later, wring out a tea-bag with you?
You couldn't have done anything more stupid if you'd sat down & tried ..
I'd apprec- iate it if you don't detain her ..
Sometimes I look after friends dogs, if they go to dances, or something?
And Mr Ross is maybe gonna take a few notes, if that's O.K.
Then do me a favor, and keep this outta the newspaper - that dump serves a dozen different communities, we don't even know if it's ours
C'mon, Chief, if it's sensitive, tell me .
The coroner wants to know if we can release the derelict?
I'm going to have to fly to Chicago tomorrow, how 'bout if we meet in the Dallas airport and we all fly into New York together for the draft?
My need to make the best of things, and your need to be what, "responsible"... if one of us doesn't say something now we might lose ten years being polite about it
What if it's true?  "Great at friendship bad at intimacy." I mean, come on
Dorothy -- what if I'm just not built that way?
Don't say that if you don't...
Someone is always to blame -- if you go for it, go for it like you do a job, work at it --
And just think if I got her the ring she really wanted.
And oh, I don't know if you're interested in this detail, but I was just about to tell you that I love him
Please, if I start talking --
This guy would go home with a gardening tool right now if it showed interest
And if, knowing all that, you still allow him to come over, more power to you.
Told myself -- if he shows up, we'll stick with him.
And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gonna show me the money.
Take notes if you want to.
What are you talking about -- "don't get emotional." If you ask me, you haven't gotten emotional ENOUGH about this man. _ 98.
This wouldn't happen if he was with you
The exact same thing could have happened if he was with me
Well what's the use of hiring an expert if your not going to listen to him?
Not if it can't dig.
Let me know if I can help, Alan
I stayed pretty close to the compound, Figured if anyone came to look for me, that's where they'd start.
Grant if you'd just sit tight, we'll explain this all in a jiffy.
A true hunter doesn't mind if the animal wins
Like if you shoot yourself in the foot
I'll fund your expedition through my personal accounts, as such money and equipment as you need, but only if you leave immediately
She'll take you to the museum, maybe to a movie if you play your cards right
Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions
But if I'd ever thought for a second that she would be in danger --
It'll still exit if they go on not knowing, won't it?
The only way people will ever believe that dinosaurs exist is if you dump a T-rex in the middle of times Square.
You know, even if we do get those tapes back, people are going to say it's just another hoax
Ian, nothing we observe will be valid if we're trailing along in the wake of an army.
Ian, if we recall the boat now, we've made two invasive landings in one day
That means if we bend a blade of grass, we bend it right back the way it-
You go if you like, but we're not waiting for you
They're no use to us if they don't survive.
Oh, you know, if it's alright, I'd like to stay with Dr
Doctors, if you please - - I have to insist we get moving.
Violently, if necessary.
You know, if you really wanted to scare the kid you could've just pulled a gun on him.
We can make it if we run!
And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now.
Juanito, if they pull the funding, that will really slow things down
Forty-eight hours from now, if they - -  - -aren't convinced
What if you miss
What if the car falls
What if the wheels fall?
What if the dinosaur comes back while we're all asleep?
What are you gonna do now if you don't have to dig of dinosaur bones any more?
Condors are on the verge of extinction - - if I'd created a flock of them on the island, you wouldn't be saying any of this!  have anything to say at all!
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should
A load, if I may say so. of fashionable number crunching, thats all it is!
Robert - - I wonder if perhaps you would be kind  good enough to take a gas jeep and bring back my grandchildren.
What if we fall
Why are we hurrying if there's nothing wrong?
You tell them if they come up to seventy-five, I'll cut them in on the Crystal Lake package.
And if necessary, I can get a judicial order reaffirming the right of my client to speak to his attorney in private.
I don't know if anything's going to work in this case
And if he's not?
But... there were teenaged witnesses who said Krueger had the ability to appear in your dreams... and that if he killed you in a dream, it would kill you in the real world.
Well, as long as I admire it from afar it shouldn't worry me if it's hollow.
Yours is a very powerful and important firm -- it has a lot at stake.. -- Small.. -- Ah, but what if it <u>wasn't</u>?
In an organization as efficient as ours, if a document once in a great while gets lost it might never be found at all.
He's a timid old man and quite careful not to tread on anyone's toes -- In fact, I'm the only one he trusts and he wouldn't even look at a document if it didn't first come through me.
It's my place to offer advice, not yours -- and by advising the Chief Clerk of your unpunctuality it's certainly not my situation that's compromised, if that's what you're implying.
He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs.
I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them.
It makes me uneasy, and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees.. ..
What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
Or what if there really <u>was</u> an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it
You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant
I believe we've exceeded his expectations.. "Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises.. -- If an obscure official up there in the distant mountains so far away from civilizing influences happens to meet with an unfortunate accident -- and should he tragically die in spite of the District Medical Officer's strenuous efforts to save him -- the firm wants to see the next of kin pacified and the disposition of the remains handled with the greatest possible ... efficiency.
You do not summon them -- they summon you -- and this, of course, hardly ever happens, if at all
What if I petitioned one of the Directors?
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm trying to reduce my handicap.
Please, if he sees you, he won't come!
Well, as if I can be here, I can go through the motions, right
And if I have to, I'll keep coming here, the works, and talk about my mummy and my daddy and I'll even pay for it, but will you kindly for God's sakes say something?
What if i go out on tricks - you wanna come along
But if it's someone else I do.. -- Then you don't need me.
You asked if there was anything more you could help me with.
Maybe, if you tell me the things you haven't.
And sometimes I get shook up, I hear people or -- well, I'll come out in the morning and think someone's been prying at my mailbox, or there's a little -- trash outside my door and I wonder if someone left it there for -- do you see? -- things other people wouldn't even notice
Well could I have them back now hon? -- those tape recordings you've got downstairs -- OK? -- and if you want you can have a good time and I'll have a good time and--
Sometimes, if a girl retires, she'll even sell it worth good money
But if Cable killed Grunemann why would he get you hired to look for Grunemann?
Very well, I'd like to see him if I may.
Daddy, what if The Face comes when I'm at mommy's?
How about if we go to a Burger King and then we watch a little T.V. and then we get packed to go to the country tomorrow
Boy, I bet you if mommy ever saw this she'd remarried you.
What if she forgets?
I needed to find out if it was me, if I was going crazy or what
And if I call, you lose the commission.
I'm sure you'll be much happier if you wait until after the first--
Then, we don't really know, do we, when you say "permanently" if you're planning to remain in New York, or even to keep the child for that matter, since you've never really done anything in your life that was continuing, stable, that could be regarded as permanent.
I never would have brought it up if I thought--
Ted, if you can't discuss this rationally--
Ted, you're my main man, and if I can't depend on you a hundred and ten percent, twenty-four hours a day, because you're worried about a kid with a runny nose--
But if you want my advice, you'll send Billy away to stay with relatives for a while
Maybe if it was a year from now, maybe things would be different...
He wanted to know if I liked fried chicken.
What if I fight it?
There were a lot of things I didn't understand-- a lot of things I would do different if I could
Look, Ted, I don't honestly think she would go to the trouble of suing you for custody of the child if she was planning on kidnapping him.
That's if we win
John, what if she kidnaps him.
Ted, I won't lie to you, we don't have a hope in hell of winning a custody hearing if you're out of work.
I mean, if anything happened to me, he'd be okay with you
I didn't say I'm going to die, but if I should--
Thelma, if I die--
I mean forget the logic part...But I keep thinking if Charley really loved me, he wouldn't have let me divorce him.
I guess it's different if you don't have children, but...I dunno, even if Charley and I don't live together, even if we're sleeping with other people, even if Charley was to marry again...He'd still be my husband
Maybe she felt like if you'd been paying any real attention to her to start with, maybe you would've noticed.
No wonder she said you came first, then Billy, then, if there was anything left over, she got the scraps.
Thelma, do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially--
But if you want to know what I am
A beggar can be called a landlord if he disapproves of the Chinese.
You must inform me at once if any of our people abuse the Tibetans trust and good nature.
Norbu says he is "lavish" and "willful". "How can he give you monk's vows if he has not kept them himself?"
The <u>reason</u> I lied is if I'd told you the truth, you'd just hunt it down and kill it which seems to be exactly what you're doing.
If you don't kill him instantly, I'm dead and you'll only kill him instantly if you get his brain, which is about the size of a cherry
And even if you <u>were</u> on target, a bullet might not penetrate his hide.
But if it <u>is</u> a crocodile which I don't think it is
And if they <u>do</u> charge these baby hatchling sounds...  why exactly would you want to be underwater at the time
Keep enough tension to hold him up, Hector, we don't know if he can swim.
They have to, politically, he's too dangerous, if something were to go wrong... the odds are he will be destroyed,--. <u>Forget</u> <u>it</u>.
Well, you can try talking them into that, if--. 'Cause he just ate a cow, you stupid--
And what if I tranq him Kelly
That was... y'know if the guy asks me can she kiss, now I'll be able to tell him if you can.
So I was thinking... maybe if I met anybody in <u>my</u> world who was good for <u>you</u> and if you know somebody in New York good for me, we could fix each other up.
Y'know, if we didn't live in separate worlds and...
Well, that thing is ambulatory if you want somebody in your tent to...
I wonder if he's some kind of mutant
Police want to keep it quiet, if the press gets word... lake monster
Hank and I think it best if you stay on shore.
And even if they <u>did</u>, I doubt <u>he</u> or <u>she</u> would have problems with <u>tents</u>.
Even if we <u>could</u> tranq him-- how would we get him on land.. <u>You</u> <u>gotta</u> <u>be</u> <u>kidding</u>.
And if he's <u>here</u>... then he must think that's what's in this lake.
I never do field work and even if I did, <u>Maine</u>, to look at a tooth of a <u>dinosaur</u> who bit somebody, couldn't you dream up something--
Chilton - if Lecter feels you're his enemy - as you've said - then maybe I'll have more luck by myself
Yow, if this door should fall down -ha ha! - or anything else - would you be kind enough to call this number
But, if you say this is an FBI matter...
But if he knew we have so little time -
What would happen if we just showed our cards - asked him for Bill?
I'll do it if I have to, but -
I'm wondering if he's done that before - placed a cocoon, or an insect
When we get back, I want you to run that bug by the Smithsonian, see if they can identify it
What if - what if you trace the heaviest-traffic routes backwards from the dump sites
Will you let me know if ever the lambs stop screaming?
Do you think if you saved Catherine, you could make them stop...
Do you think, if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark, ever again, to the screaming of the lambs
I thought - if I can even save just one... but he got so heavy
I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one...
I might if I saw the case file
I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you?
I'll tell you if you'll look at this form
Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he's recruiting help from the student body
Lecter, if you'd please consider -
Look... search your own records, if you prefer
That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know.
And if it is sedition, then I am guilty of sedition, too!
And if we're unlucky?
And if English law cannot be trusted, maybe these people would do better makin' a peace with the French!
Do not be tellin' us what to do with ours.. ... and while they are cooped up in your fort, what if the French send war parties to raid their homes?
I believe if they set aside their law as and when they wish, their law no longer has rightful authority over us
Might I inquire if General Webb has heard from Colonel Munro's daughters
Well, if they were perfecting an aquaman, then why's there a dead one onboard that Russian ship
Look, I think it's no big deal but if you want to find out why this ship sank have Maritime run a check.
You mind if I take a look at this?
Then, if I don't have any babies to deliver--
I guess I figured if I was in their shoes that's what I would've done.
No sir...I just wanted to know if you needed a hand?
Honey, the company don't give a flying fuck about "whys," they just look at the numbers and the contract says if we miss our quota they only got to pay us half-pay for the entire month.
So, my friend, what fucking good is that, if we need it in six . . . no, five days?
Hence, Hatchet Harry is a man you pay if you owe.
I still will, if you don't mind.
You ask him if you like, but I would leave him to it if I was you.
I don't give a shit, you get those guns because if you don't . . .
In my experience it is best to take the opportunity if it is there.
I know you like these things; wondered if you wanted them?
That's if you want to see your son reach his next birthday
Even if it was a bug they would have taken it with 'em.
There is no such thing as easy in my experience and, if you think this is going to be easy, you're a dick
Even if they could they'd be too shit scared
They're all into that karma crap: `If I don't harm nobody, nobody harms me' stuff.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead
I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear.
Listen, if he has the guns he might have the money . . 
I can afford it as long as I see it again, if that's what you mean
The man who decides if you can play is this man Harry, or Hatchet Harry as some including himself like to call him.
It's Ed, if that's what you mean.
OK, before I loan you this, I expect, if you lose of course, my money back within a week, Crystal
That's if I want to see you.
Never mind son, you just might meet him if you carry on like that.
Well, perhaps I can't, Plank, if you know what I mean.
Listen Tom, if you pointed them at me I'd shit myself or do whatever you said to do
Jesus, if I pick them up, will they stay in one piece
You got a ticket already and, if you don't move it now, sir, we will move it for you.
If you will order stuff that comes from Kat-Man-Fucking-Du don't be surprised if your fruit picks up a few tourists en route. ~ Never mind that, what about the money?
We have to get the money out by Thursday and I'll be buggered if I am counting it . . . and if you have to get your sodding fertilizer, couldn't you be a little more subtle?
You know how the press is with a murder story--even if it's forty years old.
It's nice to see you.. "I only got my little girl now," he says, "she's my lifeline." Then he tells me I can't be in the box anymore if I can't control myself
Doctor's reports, highlight reels, coaches' evaluations, psychological profiles--hell, I wouldn't be surprised if they collected stool samples on these boys, have 'em analyzed
No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's--
Not that I don't think you'd be good at it, but--you know--I wouldn't be disappointed if you decided to do something else with your life.
Next year, if your grades are high enough--
I'd quit the Army for you, if it came to that.
And if I get a shot at a promotion somewhere--
You gentlemen don't have to keep up if you don't care to.
He known who it was onnacouna the tire tracks in the dirt from the back of the garage to where they loaded up. "Old Fishbait," he says, "never lifted a thing in this world if there was a way he could roll it."
Buddy'll knock half of it off-- if you do what he says, when he says
You recall if Charley Wade was a Mason?
Look, I'm not gonna campaign against your deal here, but if anybody asks me, I got to tell them the truth
I was wondering if you'd like to take a trip down south with us
Not if they was colored or Meskin
Not if they wanted to keep breathin'.
Long as Roderick throw his weight the right way on election day, make sure all the colored get out to vote- we was called colored back then, if you was polite--maybe throw a barbecue for the right people now and then, things was peaceful
Not if I can help it.
You mind if I ask a few questions about your husband
Buddy was more a part of the big picture--county political machine, chamber of commerce, zoning board if I kept those people happy, he was pretty much on my side
Not if you have half a brain in your head.
After Amado, I had some complications-- I can't get pregnant again, if that's what the rule is about--
I don't have to ask permission anymore, if that's what you mean.
Looks real bad if the teacher's late for class
Don't know if I'll still want it.
Maybe if you put that gun up--
How am I gonna sell things if nobody comes by
It's supposed to be some big sin, even if you love each other.
And if you're very quick, you can catch it.
But if you want me to stick around, maybe dig where the cops don't look...
We wouldn't be having this conversation if I didn't
And she shot him I  I think that'd piss me off if I were Nix.
I just came because I wanted to know if you knew a man called Butterfield.
I don't know if you can be in love with one person the whole time
It's ok if you are.
Sorry if I have the worst B.O., I've been sweating in this little room with T.V. lights for hours...
Well, if Peter here would hop off his laurels long enough to marry you...
Secular assistants are permitted if regarded as qualified
It was as if I knew nothing could possibly happen to me and...in that one moment I didn't care about anything
So, if Christ won, that means, what does that mean, Father
I don't know if it works the same way in this instance
And if what you're saying is true, what would happen to me?
Tomorrow at 2... if you want to meet him.
The world would be so much simpler if it were all just about good and evil
What if I told you I was a malignant narcissist?
Who cares if this guy is devoid of faith or sleeps over a pentacle
I'd appreciate it if you'd put that back.
I'll be at Bedford tonight, if you need me.
As if there's another cause for little voices
It's as if you are saying the closer you get to evil, the less evil it becomes.
It never mattered one way or the other if I went to your games.
He could do a lot better if you ask me.
But you use potato?. ...and if you want a thicker base, you can cut in a potato or just use a little flour.
Sometimes I wonder if it's worth it
So, if I win it's because deep down you know you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life, and deep down your want me to stop you.
So if you forgive me, I'll forgive you.
I didn't get to send you an invitation, but if you...
Well, if all you care about is basketball, why you fucking me
Who cares if you're never known as the first girl in the NBA
And if you get mad at me, I gotta give you flowers.
Well, if anybody bothers you, you could just tell me cause I run this street.
I'm just saying it'd be nice if you found time for your family
I have a situation, a situation just come up that's really pretty serious and I'm not sure who I should talk to or what I should do but could you maybe put me in touch with the right person if I explain myself?
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago....and Claudia...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't...and I will listen...I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want...and you know, you know...I won't judge you...
I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want to do which is to ask you on a date.
Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee --
But it affects my ear, I don't even know if I have TMJ exactly but just very tight, like - it's like a muscle spasm and it's just gets so clenched --
It's where situations like these lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help
So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee  I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud:  They're incovenienced by that
If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright
You mind if I check things back here?
Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears.
You mind if I come in, check things?
I'm wonderin' wether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in-house instruments?
Check that ego - come off it - I'm the profit - the proffesor Ima teach you 'bout The Worm, who eventually turned to catch wreck with the neck of a long time oppressor And he's runnin from the devil, but the debt is always gaining And if he's worth being hurt, he's worth bringin' pain in - When the sunshine don't work, the Good Lord bring the rain in.
Not yet -- "give you the clue for the bust if you show me some trust --"
And I won't be mad if you don't know who said what
I won't punish you if you get the answer wrong
I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes..... "Why don't you shut the fuck up," is me to you, Chapter Right Here, Verse Right Now.. "If a brick weighs one pound plus one half brick -- how much does the brick weigh?" "Well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you got one half of brick, equals one pound so therefore the brick equals two pounds --" "A little more than kin and less than kind," is Hamlet to Claudius. "The sins of the father laid upon the children," is Merchant of Venice but borrowed from Exodus 20:5 and "win her with gifts if she respects not words," is Two Gentleman from Verona
It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what --
I am so fucked here if you do this
So much in my life and this is -- If you do this, if you fire me: I Am Fucked
We can fix that, because I can give you -- are you listening?. -- you don't understand: it's more pain than before and the fucking morphine pills aren't working, he's -- past two days it's like he can't really swallow them and I don't know if they're going down -- I can't see inside his mouth anymore -- I'm up all night staring at him and I don't think the pills are going down and he moans and he hurts --
Y'see I didn't make her feel ok about that....I would say, "How many men you been with?" She told me, I couldn't take it...take that I wasn't a man....because if I hadn't had sex with women...like as many women as she had men...then I was weak...a boy...
We can call him, I can dial the phone if you can remember the number --
And you say, "If I'd known I wouldn't have asked," then it's not an attack
So....Phil....um...I think I'm gonna step in and try and see him and say something if he can...talk...I mean:
What the hell is this Marcie?. -- do not do this -- my gun is drawn and If I Have To Open That Closet you will get shot -- Step Out Now.
Now if anyone is in the closet, come out now --
This is the LAPD, if anyone is in the closet I want you to come out and show yourself to me, slowly and with your hands up --
Stay here, please don't leave me, please, please, if I said I knew would you stay?
I'm asking you if you know why Clauida will not speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me.
Considering that there's no one else mentioned in the will...we'd have to go to the laws of intestacy, which is -- as if someone died without a will --
You don't have to change the will, if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time.
Like a shrink, like if I go to see a shrink, I'm protected, I can say things -- fuck -- I don't know what I'm doing --
Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass --. -- the fuck are you talking about?
You know what it's like to come home scared, scared that maybe if you don't have the money you're supposed to go out each day and get that you're gonna get beaten....by a belt...he hits me with a belt, Stanley...
I'm supposed to sell those candy bars, and if I don't, I come home without the money....
M'lady... if anyone sees, it is death...
Come now, Athos, if Porthos is determined to end his life, then he will certainly manage to find the opportunity.
You would not be, even if I had one.
But if we are to die, let it be this way.
They will know you helped us, if we go this way.
But even if I were not a priest, I could tell your heart has a secret weight, and it is hurting you to carry it alone.
We will make our own luck tonight... if Phillippe holds up.
But what if something extraordinary happened
Then let him kill me, if all my faith is wrong.
So he decided that one be put away, as if he never existed
I know you're blind, because if you had seen the tits that just walked out of here, you'd have tears in your eyes.
If you ever loved me -- if you ever loved honor, or anything else -- then stand now, and let it happen.
What if I become a king -- a king no different from my brother?
Let us behave as if my wish is law
Even if I could give up my friends, I could never give up my son.
He urges you to guard your honor -- as if it could be in any danger... from your king.
You mind if I ride with you?
I'm sure if our departments cooperate we can find out the truth.
A man like that would want to lay low, if he was planning some kind of damn sabotage mission!
Our agency monitors all threats very carefully, and there's good reason to believe Jim Trudell has the training, the connections, and the experience to present a clear threat to the public if he remains at large.
Just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker, you know, some connection.
We pursued him into this warehouse - but he's - gone, south - maybe a couple of miles if he's fast -
Harding - call the print lab at the FBI, run the prints through their library, see if it's less screwed-up than ours...
Mind if I turn out the light?
Shit, you know what happens to me if I'm harboring a fugitive
Mind if I come along for the ride?
MARVOSA Well you won't mind if I don't take your word for it, right?
Could he kill again if he had to save his life
You wouldn't like it, either if you had it.
See if there's another label underneath.
His delusion is: if he sees himself accepted enough times, he will become as one who has the power to be accepted all the time
What if it encourages the Tooth Fairy to do something besides write?
And if we pull it, we lose a week..
Jimmie may in the Finder program... if he's ever been printed and in his Index.
They're on if now.... ...twenty-eight minutes
He said 'tell Graham "broken mirrors."'. ...but if we find him, the print as evidence will get a conviction, Hold on
I'd be immensely appreciative if you'd pull it out of her Rolodex for me.
Leeds and I'll tell you if you're right or not.
Maybe there's something for me if I know how he feels and thinks.
Be asked me if I knew
And if I survive the wallpaper we'll be okay..
I'll come inside with you, if you like, but Mr
It feels good because: if you do as God does, enough times, you become as God is: powerful...
You'd be more comfortable if you relaxed with yourself
Because, my dear Will, if this Pilgrim imagines he has a relationship with the full moon, he might go outside and look at it
I thought you might be curious to find our if you're smarter than the person I'm looking for.
Pretty well.. ...if he's smart he'll approach from the front, pass, and take you from the back
Even if he has to work another ten years to pay it off, he'll do it!
Because if these bad vibes get out... then everyone will be talkin' about how sick I am, and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy, and then -- I'm dead.
I'll book you on some concerts, and meanwhile, we'll show the Special around... see if somebody wants to buy it --
Now for sure they're gonna fire me, so if you want to see me again, you'll have to come to Memphis...
Even if I'm dying -- I still need clean socks.
Boy, if I ever fake my death, they'll really miss me.. "... has been rushed to a nearby hospital, where doctors are checking him for possible paralysis
And if it was Andy Kaufman, is Andy Kaufman crazy?"
This is very difficult for me to say... but -- perhaps it would be best if you didn't attend the retreat.
You stay away from that Andy Kaufman, if you know what's good for you!
See if you can get him away from all this
Well if that's so, you can just get the hell out of this restaurant!
You ever have the feeling that you're not sure if you're awake or still dreaming?
I just keep wondering if Morpheus is so sure, why doesn't he take him to the Oracle
What if he isn't the One, Morpheus
I'm not sure, but if you don't want to find out, you better get out of there.
I don't know if you're ready to see what I want to show you, but unfortunately, we have run out of time
I believe that if you are serious about saving him then you are going to need my help and since I am the ranking officer on this ship, if you don't like it then I believe that you can go to hell, because you aren't going anywhere else.
Even if you somehow got inside, those are agents holding him
Well, I don't know if we want to buy all $40 worth...
I don't know, but God help him if he does it again!
Johnny, I swear to God, if you open your mouth about any of this...
I swear to God, I'll rip you open if my uncle ever hears a word about this
I tell you, if he don't give a damn, then I don't give a damn...Why should I kill myself?
I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either.
He could at least show some respect and show his face, even if he doesn't have the money.... 'But I say to you not to resist the evildoer; on the contrary, if someone takes thy tunic, let him take thy cloak as well...to him who asks of thee, give; and from him who would borrow of thee do not turn away!
What happens if this kid don't pay me
Sell 'em if you can't smoke them.
I could help if you want.
Why don't you take a look around the place if you want?
I mean if they wanted to draft you, you would've been drafted by now.
Would I point it out to you if he didn't?
Besides, if we're both gone for three days it wouldn't look right.
The kid's a climber...not very bright...but if you get down to his level to look at it his way; he kills a guy who insulted a big man - he gets a reputation
See if you can get your hands on some pamphlets on laws or by laws...or proprietorship...you know...at your place.
Well, if things go the way I hope they'll go, this money business will take care of itself
With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor.
They know what John Bontecou is -- and if they didn't, they know now.
Mind if I throw up?
What would you say if you knew it was me who brought down Bill Parrish
And if it was, it turned out to be welcome.
She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand.
I felt as if I were being treated like a person.  'Joe' this and 'Joe' that - a nice smile - Quince passed me the rolls -- no 'rapture' or 'passion' or any of those mighty things you seem so intent on imparting, but I am cer- tain, should you - uh - say - uh - who I am - our adventure would end abruptly.
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
Because 'if you haven't tried, you haven't lived'.
But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed
Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this --
I don't care if you love him
Do you mind if I raise a little caution flag?
You won't tell him, and even if you did, he'd clock it and punch it into his laptop in order to pull out some key phrases when he gives the Commencement Speech at Wharton.
Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back
Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.. 'Be deliriously happy'
So if I needed a doctor, you could be it?
Just leave the stuff lying around as if it were yours
But if he calls, or if he turns up here, then you give me a call in my room, okay?
I don't know if we've ever met before, and the next time I see you I won't remember this conversation
So if I seem strange or rude, that's probably...
You can stay here for a couple of days if it'll help.. * John G. was clever
Can I ask you something?. * Depends on if he's here in town
Or if he's moved on
He said that if I don't get him the money tomorrow he's gonna kill me
My actions			   * still have meaning, even if I can't			    * remember them
But even if you get your revenge, you won't remember it
I want you to forget the company you work for for thirty seconds, and tell me if you really think that Sammy is faking his condition.
A romantic quest		   * which you wouldn't end even if I wasn't			* in the picture.							    *
Who cares if there's a few little things you'd rather not remember?
I'm not gonna help you kill this guy, if that's what -
It's weird, but if you don't eat for a while then your body stops being hungry
I never know if I've already eaten, so I always just eat small amounts.
No, you don't, Jim.  'Cause if I close this down, you got nothing to make a phone call about
So let me know if we're on...
Because if you couldn't, I would be very lonely..
And if I were in the Comoros, in the Indian Ocean, where would you be...?
What if I pushed to twenty-one...?
We get down if the play calls for it
If they ran the rental car or lease on this place...even if it's EPIC database in El Paso...they'd have to work through the layers of bullshit three weeks deep
You're so <u>not</u> the PD, if you got busted on a DUI, you're in serious trouble...you're bad men back to grammar school
And I'd die if anything happened
I'm fine.... ...even if they could run the identities you built to EPIC, all they'll find is more cover..
But how I know if you any good?
And if he ain't man enough to do it for himself, I be happy to oblige!
Maybe if you didn't call me ma'am, things would work out better.
I mean what they do to, you know, do with you -- if you can't -- ah, Christ!
Well, if you're awright, why you hanging on the bannister
I bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried.
So if you want me to hang around for a few days, I thought you should know.
I drug in a cot, if you want to stay.
I mean if you're not located, I got a place
Don't mind if I do.
This is Turkey, man... ) It's a fucking accident here if you're innocent
You know what I mean...  ...I gotta get laid man, I don't know 'bout you guys, but if I don't get it on soon, I'm..
Would you go back to the Pudding Shoppe now and point him out to my men if you see him?
Well, you see Billy, it don't really matter right now if it's 2 kilos or 200 kilos
I need to see if there's any nerve damage before we carry you back
Hell, I might be able to juice the whole area, if I can get to the power box
But if it was carrying something...there's a chance you could have been exposed.
Even if they did... that's all we have, isn't it?
I always say if you can't enjoy your own company, you're not fit company for anyone else.
God told me, since I was his number- one fan, that I should make up new stories as if I was Paul Sheldon
I was just wondering if you happen to know anything about Paul Sheldon.
I knew it--what does that do to her love for Ian?--  --of course, if she hadn't thought Windthorne was murdered she never would have fallen in love with Ian in the first place
I'll drive a sledgehammer into your man-gland if you're not nicer--
You'll never know the fear of losing someone like you if you're someone like me.
Listen, if you can't find any, it's okay
Are you sure? 'Cause if you want, I'll bring back the whole store for you.
So if you want me to burn it, fine
But I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to her yourself.
I noticed in your case there was a new Paul Sheldon book and...  and I wondered if maybe...
I just figured if I can't find Paul Sheldon, at least I can find out what he wrote about.
You wouldn't happen to remember if Miz Wilkes bought one, would you?
Gee, Marcia, if I didn't know you better, I'd think you were suggesting I dredge up the worst horror of my life just so we could make a few bucks.
Remember how you once said I live my whole life as if I'm in danger of being found out
Now, I'm leaving for Colorado to try to finish this and I want your good thoughts--because if I can make it work ..
And if I hadn't gotten rid of her now, I'd have ended up writing her forever
She wouldn't  be here if it wasn't for you, Hunt.  from this moment you're responsible for what happens to her, and if you're looking out for her well-being, I suggest you advise her to pick up the gun and bring it to me
Oh well, if that's how you feel about it.
Well you know his blokes'll place the OSCOR in his annex, where else if you're pinpointing transmitters, video signals, covert chip cameras, anything radiating, oscillating..
You just looked as if you did.
Ethan, you take care of yourself, I'll take care of myself because if push comes to shove, I'm gonna bail - and without giving two week notice.
Look, I can't run your arrest in CNN, but I guarantee he's monitoring every law enforcement agency in the world, for what they might be saying about him, if nothing else - he's got the ability and, we assume, the desire to get you out of there.
Sean will never be anything but suspicious if he picks up some sort of 'yoo-hoo-I'm- not-nad' message
Look, would it make you feel better if I didn't want you to do this?
Would you mind if I'm on top?
What if I pay the rent?
Just as if I'd like to.
You just looked as if you did.
Wouldn't be a vacation if you did.
Then if you manage to get hold of Ambrose, and obtain what he's got, you've got -  - 8 hours 57 minutes and twenty-three seconds to destroy the largest remaining source of Chimera on earth.
You made it sound as if I was recruiting her for her skills as a thief.
Wouldn't be on vacation if you did.
You keep staring at that watch as if your life depended on it, Doctor..
When we're done at Biocyte, if she's not out of Ambrose's, I'm going in and getting her out.
Do give my regards to Gradski if you see him.
How was I to know they had to be treated with Bellerophon within twenty hours?. 'If?'  My, my, my...the five hundred people on Bruny Island that you deliberately infected with <i>Chimera</i> needed it as well.
And what if I need it?
And if we dont find him - well search the whole train again.
Ethan, if you knew about Jim?..Why..
If anything goes wrong when we're inside, if you sense even the slightest deviation don't look over your shoulder, you walk away - you hear me
You said it yourself -- if I'm not dead, I'm with you.
Claire, Claire, Claire, if you're not dead, he's going to assume you're with me.
Whoever the mole is, I think goes by the name of Job, at least part of the time. 1 can't find him, but if he knows 1 have the NOC list, he'll find me.
We're supposed to be back here at four o'clock, four o'clock, if we abort, we don't return here until four o'clock, 0-four hundred, four am, four o'clock --!
How about if we just go quietly into the bathroom and I wash your mouth out with soap - you pathetic button down bureaucratic asshole.
Let's see if you can follow me around this room
Well, Luther - if it makes you feel any better I'll always think of you that way.
Because if you knew what you were getting into, you never would have done it.
It's easy to say the disk is worthless when you say I can't look at the information and <u>see</u> if it's worthless
And you thought if you simply showed up I might give it to you?
Take it all, if you want.  <u>After</u> this one.
He thinks if he holds on to his money, he will never die.
Maybe if you gave me away, and I got married in a church, in a wedding dress, instead of at the City Hall with strangers standing outside the door, maybe then I wouldn't had the Bad Luck I had.
I don't care if I burn in hell
I don't care if you burn in hell
The deal was if I came to the Opera with you you'd leave me alone forever.
I thought if I stayed away from the City Hall, I won't have that Bad Luck I had again.
You are scared to death what the wolf will do if you make that mistake again!
And I want you to tell me the truth if you can
I'm sorry if we disturbed you.
So how can we tell if she is made of wood?
How can we not say the word, if you don't tell us what it is?
We shall say Ni! again to you if you do not appease us.
Please go and tell your master that we have been charged by God with a sacred quest,  and if he will give us food and shelter for this night he can join us in our quest for the Holy Grail.
It's always the same ... if I've said it once.
I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away!
But if he had to leave and we were with him.
Er ... if ... we ... er ...
Not ... to leave the room ... even if you come and get him.
I tell you, if we don't stick together on this, you could find yourself First President's Opposition
Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her
Aye, well, if all you want is a good opinion then he'd be sure to oblige you.
The Queen will ride out if and when she chooses.
Granted, it wouldn't take much to winkle the old girl out of mourning, but if public opinion is against her, then it doesn't do to appear too close.
But perhaps if her Majesty were to consider accompanying her new-found physical vigor with the benefits of mental activity...
He asks if Your Majesty might grant him an audience.
There's a two-headed Boatman that'll take you across if you answer his riddle right
On Level Four you can get a free life if you wait until the last possible second before exiting that world
I can print these up if you want.
If we came back from the game...  ...what if ARCADE did too?
And what if something happens to you
But if things are cool, I don't want to hear anything more about this
It's a good program, a brilliant program, it was designed so it would act as if it were alive, but it's not alive.
Turn if off!
Cause I'd freak if you weren't.
And death is certain if you enter, beware.
Before I go I wanted to ask you if you could remember the man's name ..
Sometimes she's wrong, but if there is trouble - get rid of it.
No hard feelings if you don't, and don't forget the rooftop garden
I'm inquiring ...well, I heard a sound last night that sounded like a car crash and I want to know if there was an accident on Mulholland Drive.
You're just nervous about going over to see if you're Diane Selwyn.
Maybe that's your roommate or if it is Diane Selwyn she can tell you who you are.
Just to see if there was an accident on Mulholland Drive.
We could call anonymously from a pay phone... just to see if there was an accident.
Well ... if you don't remember anything, I mean what goes through your mind then if you don't remember anything?
It will be okay if I sleep
Let's see if we have a pass for Betty Elms ... and we do
So, you came to see if he's out there?
Why did you want to go to breakfast if you're not hungry?
I'll take a cigarette if you have one.
What do you do with the company, if I might ask ?
There's more to it than trying to see if you'd steal from the company or if you'd lie or cheat.
But how do you know if the people are guilty ?
You're fucked if you don't STOP and listen to me.
I'd get out of the water if I were you.
Trust me, if you open any door, you'll be dead a whole lot sooner.
You'll get a shock from hell if you touch that seat.. 43 unpaid parking tickets, sir.
Let's just see if he can make it into round two....
Sir, I came from the Chicago offices myself, and if I may say, sir, there are still some very good....
Find out if it's viable.
What if we were to put Bruce into the Park as a Guest ?
He does a thorough background check and if he finds them to be criminal or guilty of embezzlement, then he will put them in the park
What if Bruce finds you ?
The room will fill to the top, then if they wind up in the next room, they lived, if not, they're dead.
How will you know if they've made it ?. <<belch>>
I thought, and correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't you trying to play both sides ?
That if you wanted a good clean kill, that Johnny Tortelli was the man for the job.
I was just curious if what I heard about you is true ?
Well, I think if you take several lines out of context, Star Wars becomes a very sexual movie
Well if I was looking for a victim, I definitely wouldn't pick your Uncle Phil who outweighs me by about 150 pounds, besides, who would I ask for ransom
Ask him if he needs a good tuba player.
I think that if I'm old enough to accept a new baby, and if I'm old enough to accept a new room, I'm old enough to go to California.
Honey, ahh, guys don't wanna appear over anxious, so if you think there's a boy that might like you, let him know that you like him, so he won't feel he's taking such a risk when he's thinking of asking you out.
And if he pretends that he doesn't like you how can you tell that he likes you?
No, I just thought it'd be nice if the two of us had an evening out so we could... talk.
Well the thing is your room is right next door to ours, and so we thought, well, I thought, if you were willing we might move you to Grammoo's room, and use your old room for the nursery
I don't know if I can picture Uncle Phil body surfing.
Well if there was an article about it I'm sure she did
Listen, if a boy wants to do homework with you, it really means he didn't have nerve to ask you out on a date, so you'll get your homework together and pretend to be studying, and the next thing you know you're ordering pizza and talking about your favorite movie stars.
Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to.
I don't know if I want to.
Do you have any pictures if her?
That's ridiculous, so, if you really can't stand someone, then you pretend that you're really crazy about them?
Well if it isn't Vada, the grasshopper girl.
Is it okay if I drink this?
Look I don't want you to be some punk hoodlum delinquent but I can't do my job as a parent if you don't do your job as a kid.
Let me see if it changes colors on me.
What if you don't wanna be found?
Don't forget, the girls change their names if they got married.
Yearbooks always set you out for disappointment, I want mine to say: Nick probably won't amount to much, so don't be surprised if you never hear anything about him again
A big difference, if someone found it we should keep looking, if they didn't we're just wasting our time.
You stay out of this, look, if I had a red XK-150 with a black interior, I sure as hell wouldn't be handing out relationship advice.
I'd like to see his house but...I don't know if I'd have the nerve to just go up and knock on his door
ROSE Look Phil, if you want the rights of a husband, you're gonna have to ask me something but if not, you're gonna have to get accustomed to the rights of what you are.
Well just don't shave your legs...he'll never let you visit us again if I send you home hairless and full of holes.
I wonder why she got a passport if she never went anywhere.
Uhh, we got burgers and hot dogs here if you'd care to join us?
Yeah, me too, mind if I tag along?
You can look in the bathroom if you want
I do enjoy playing bingo, if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to.
I was just wondering, if there is anything wrong with Vada.
Look if you think you know how, why don't you pre-measure the briquettes in little packages, put out a product, support me for a while!
Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart.
How are you gonna get the money for this old house if you're not working?
Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared.
You don't have to wait, daddy'll be mad if you're late.
Well if you don't get to marry Mr
My mom will skin me alive if she finds I'm out here.
It doesn't matter, 'cause they're not regular horses, they got wings, and it's no big deal if you fall, you just land in cloud.
But, what if you're afraid to ride horses?
It's a phrenology chart, they used to study the bumps in your head to see if you had a good personality or not
When we're both 28, if we've never been married... we marry each other!"
That was a... reflex to see if it would.... ... unless he has a hump.
And if you wait till this comes out, your offer will be like charity
Course, if it's later rather than sooner, I'd hate to be you at six o'clock
Even if you blow this deal, how big could it be?
Well, if that's the way you f...
We asked Michael if we could see the ring?
As if you were harborin' some... unspeakably... guilty... secret.
We have a Bible study meeting tonight if you'd like to come.
Okay, I just wanted to see if I could help out at all.
I feel as if I know you
Let me see if I can get the doctor hold on one second.
Room's twenty-five dollar! a week and you can have breakfast with me if you like.
Guess if you have to change your name a state's as good as anything.
Well, I could use one, especially if I'm pregnant.
How do you know if they do?
Well, there's a couple of girls in Printers Alley if you got any questions
Boy, if you could get Ryan to say something about Hal Phillip Walker, wouldn't that be something?
Well, I admire your optimism, and I just wondered if it was regional
Well, you just remember, if you can't kick front, kick back, 'cause at least you're kicking..
And I was under the impression that Bruce Lee was one of the, if not <u>the</u> greatest fighter in the history of martial arts.
And I wondered if I could wait that long.
I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim, if you feel up to it.
We, the prison board we, knows that once you get them on the road if anything should happen, an escape attempt, an accident, fire, anything...Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?
And if you stop screaming, I swear to God I'll blow your head off.
See if it's broke.
And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.
So even if she would see me, which she won't, I couldn't put her on camera anyway
I don't know if you've ever heard of me or remember me
I don't give a damn if a million United States marines, all whistling the halls of Montezuma, are gonna come marchin' down this alley any second
They can't because neither knows if the other is a deranged senseless killer like the Knoxs
Even if I don't have a leg to stand on, I'm going to get up and fight this world until I'm on top again.
I mean if they're leaving, get 'em outta here.
Wayne, if it was anybody else---
Hey, maybe if we were doin' that kiss, kiss, bang, bang stuff we'd need all those assholes, too
Now, Phil, I don't know if you've ever been on a set before---
Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.
Now, if you want to work like a real nigger, you can always go out and chop cotton.
You know, if you fellows stuck together 'stead of letting them walk all over you, they might not try it.
Hell, if they don't blow up his place, they'll get him some other way
Not if you see them for what they are, Duff.
I don't know if it's worth fixin', but I need that car.
Well, if you don't know I can't tell you.
Look, Duff - if you're free, I'm not working tomorrow.
You'll be makin' twen'y bucks a week, if you're lucky.
Those white guys sure shoot up at you like a yeast cake if you just cock an eye at them.
I can always chop cotton if I have to
I think if you tried livin' in a town like this, instead of running free and easy, you'd soon change your tune.
Well, if it ain't Duff!
What would you say if I told you we could correct your neural damage?
We're dead men if we go back there, Maelcom
We'll kick this open if we can
But if you're going to kill me, we have to work together, old son
Then you and Maelcom get out of here before the place is crawling with guardsmen.. ...And if I guess wrong?
The point is, if you unplug me when I'm flatlines, I'm history
But if the EEG flatlines, don't touch anything.
I mean, what if they just stupid to hide the fact that they're actually brainiacs with super powers and they're plotting to take over the world and make my life hell until I die?
And, I mean, not that you need it, and without sounding too much like the Godfather, I think we could offer you a certain amount of protection", if you know what I mean
You're way under 30, you're cute, some guys find white Carter's underwear sexy  If you talk to his nose, you don't even notice the eye.
That if you're not getting any, no one can?
What if I say no?
I'm sure you've probably heard that I want to ask you, but I'd like to know if you'd go to prom with me
Plus, if you quit you're no better than me.
You believe in me that much--. told him  --if I'm wrong about this girl, you can take away my teaching certificate!
But, what if you don't make it? 'I mean, you don t Want to be working at a mail place the rest of your life
You're no fun.</i>. <i>                      You're so stupid, think now -- If we blow him up to smithereens, We may lose some pieces and then Jack will beat us black and green.</i>. <i>                      I say that we take a cannon Aim it at his door and then Knock three times and when he answers Sandy Claws will be no more.</i>. <i>                      Now and forever...</i>. <i>                                     ..
If anything weird happens - like if I start dreaming weird or try to walk out of here, you gotta try to bring me out of it. his me over the head if you have to
Look, I don't care if you believe me or not...
We'll stay up all night if we have to
Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get to the club.
Well, if you're ever in the mood for a history lesson, I'm your teacher, understand?
Well, if it isn't my little girl... come to visit her Daddy.
And even if it is...what the hell am I doing here
Only if you're willing to put aside everything you've learned and trust me
What if I told you your patients are in real physical danger from their dreams?
Okay...I believe in different levels of conciousness, that sort of thing...but if you're into UFO's or Atlantis, you've lost me.
And if you're willing to work together... wiling to stand up to your deepest fears...I think we can beat it.
Only if you call me Neil
I'll go straight to Carver if I have to
I wonder if you could tell me where the...?
It took like a perfect situation, apart from that foul temper of yours -- but my relatively inexperienced heart would, I fear, not recover if I was once again ... cast aside, which I would absolutely expect to be
I have to go away today but I wondered, if I didn't, whether you might let me see you a bit... or, a lot maybe... see if you could... like me again.
Or holiday -- depending if he's got the brains to get the going rate on betrayal.
He just flew in -- I had no idea -- in fact, I had no idea if he'd ever fly in again.
No, I mean, if it's fine with you, I'll, you know, be your date.
Would you like something to nibble -- apricots, soaked in honey -- quite why, no one knows -- because it stops them tasting of apricots, and makes them taste like honey, and if you wanted honey, you'd just buy honey, instead of apricots, but nevertheless -- there we go -- yours if you want them.
I haven't had a girlfriends since... puberty and, well, the long and short of it is, nobody fancies me, and if these cheeks get any chubbier, they never will.
Well, you tell me which bit you liked most -- and I'll tell you if I enjoyed making it.
Would be exciting if someone famous did come into the shop though, wouldn't it
Do you mind if I have a go?
I wonder if I could have a little word.
She's someone I just can't -- someone who... self-evidently can't be mine -- and it's as if I've taken love-heroin -- and now I can't even have it again
Okay -- what if I did have a book down my trousers?
I tell you what -- I'll call the police -- and,	what can I say? -- If I'm wrong about the whole book-down-the-trousers scenario, I really apologize.
I know that to be the case, but the way in which you broached it, if that's your idea of teaching me something...
That's all right, Miss Pilbow, if Mister McMurphy does not wish to take his medication orally, he may...
Mister McMurphy, there are old men here who couldn't hear the music at all if it were lower
Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented.
Please use your time to familiarize yourself with your new home and if there is anything you need to know, don't hesitate to ask us.
Mister Washington, why don't we get a good head start on the day by shaving Mister Bromden and see if we can't avoid a disturbance.
Well if ya don't mind, I'll decide on my own date!
An' if I hafta bust way outta this place to see it, I will!
Hell, I couldn't get it up over old hatchet-face if ya paid me!
And if you persist in your ways, they can always ship you over to Medical Surgery.
Well, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have some pressing matters to attend to.
But if you're a gambler, all you have to do is spit slantwise and you're a goddamned criminal.
So just keep it in your minds if ya ever wanna make use of it.
Don't know if I can hold it that long, Sam.
A man get awful lonely at night, if ya know what Ah mean, ma'am...
About waiting for that person, and wondering if you'll ever find them
Ask her if she knows how I might reach him
Ask her if she knows where he is?
Yeah, but, what if he doesn't live here
Like, what if he's a cannibal in New Guinea or something?
Yeah, but, what if this guy lived a billion, trillion years ago
Like, what if he was a cave man, and now he's dead?
Look, I just thought if you finally got rid of this obsession with this name, if you could get it out of your system once and for all, then maybe you'd be able to stop waiting and open your heart to someone real
And what if I had wanted to?
Well, I might've found him again if I hadn't left Rome to make this pointless trip down here with you.
So, since I have a few more days of vacation left, I was wondering if maybe you'd want to do something sometime
I mean, you know, if you don't have... other plans.
I don't know if that's such a--
Well, I realized, if you're getting married, you're gonna be needing the maid of honor, right?
Maybe if I kiss him I'll feel it.
What if he doesn't like me?
But first will you ask if he's here?
Not if you don't count the sixth grade.
I sort of wanted to wait to see if maybe he'd notice me first?
I just asked her if she knew him and all of the sudden--
We would've had enough gas to get us there if you hadn't gotten us lost
Well, I wouldn't've if I hadn't thought I was in love.
I think if you're honest with yourself, you'll admit you've had a chance at a number of Amana appliances in your lifetime.
You don't have to go if you don't want to...
I just came by to see if you wanted to join me for a drink, but--
They're all for sale, but none of 'em would be if they weren't desperate for the money.
And if that's not destiny, I don't know what is.
I knew if I didn't, I'd never see her again.
When you got something to say  Talk with your mouth wide open," so if I'm loud don't blame me it's the fault of the nuns!
Call Gerry G. in if you think you need him.
Ask any rummy  on the dock if I'm not good for a fin any time they put the arm on me
And if you don't?
I'd walk home with a dozen Terry Malloys if I thought they could help me
Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat
I wouldn't care if he gave you a life pass to the Polo Grounds
How much is your soul worth if you don't?
But if I dig it out myself I can use it where it'll do the most good.
Now listen, if you know who the pistols are, if you see them on the dock every day, are you going to keep still until they cut you down one by one
My own blood and they sell me out for a lousy bet I had it in me to hit the top and  Boy, if I wanted to, the things I could tell you about them guys
Well, it'll be worth it if we can tell the waterfront story the way the people have a right to hear it
You can bring a lawyer if you wish
And if he don't borrow, he don't work.
You think it makes you a big man if you can give the answers.
My guess is if we don't take the chance pretty soon, we're not going to have much life left anyway.
What help will that do if something in there isn't dead?
Oh, if there is only time!
He was very considerate, lights on or off, if you know what I mean.
I never knew he robbed banks till he got busted with that car that caught fire -- if you can imagine something like that happening, comes out of the bank and the car's on fire
You can come in if you want, sit down for a minute
I just wanted to know what might've happened if things were different.
See if he wants to talk about old times
Well, first off, if you were Glenn, you wouldn't be thinking.
I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go?
Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit.
Oh, I was just wondering, if I were to bring in Chirino, would you put me on the task force?
I want you to go there, see if you can get the manager to i.d. him as the other guy
If you move, if you look at her again, you're dead.
In his statement, Glenn said he went up to Detroit to visit a friend and look into job opportunities -- if you can believe that.
Snoop, if you don't know where Glenn is...
I wasn't looking for just a fuck, if that's what you're thinking.
I won't ask if he's with you or what you're doing here in Detroit
Or if you've run into Glenn Michaels yet.
I was thinking of you by then, a lot, wondering what it would be like if we did meet
Like if we could take a time-out...
Well, I'd say who I was and do you remember me and ask if you'd like to meet for a drink.
But then the next moment the person's gone, and it's too late to do anything about it, but you remember it because it was right there and you let it go, and you think, "What if I had stopped and said something?"  It might happen only a few times in your life.
I don't think it works if we're somebody else
But if you like islands, we'll make it an island.
I'm just saying I think if we met under different circumstances...
I mean if you didn't know who I was.
It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car -- eating a sandwich -- you wouldn't have known what hit you.
I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to.
Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence.
And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford.
What if I told you where and when?
Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there.
So you'll pardon me if I don't wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day saying "sign in here please" or "hey, pal, you can't park there."  Okay, Dick
First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you.
I keep thinking if you hadn't driven me to federal court last summer, you wouldn't even know who I am.
Or, if you want to play it another way...
Look, I can understand if you and Foley are close.
And if he goes down, Glenn, you go with him.
It couldn't have been out at Glades, if that's what you're thinking
I say I want you to come along on another job, see if you for real or not, guess what you gonna do?
You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced
Well, if it isn't the Ripper hisself.
But if I die tomorrow, I wanna know that we lived all we could tonight."  I've never known it to fail.
I mean, you can put your hands on him if you want to, but then my hands will break yours.
But if I have to get something out, I c-can always s-s-s-  SIIING!
I was just gonna say it was worth it to feel like a real pilot again, even if it was only for five seconds.
So you can call me if you need help.
Before Rafe left, he asked me to be the one to tell you, if it happened.
How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it?
I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just stood there wondering if you knew
And then we'll get a chance to know if what I felt the first moment I saw you, and every minute since then, is real.
I don't know if you can choose that, Rafe.
The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine
And if we fail, and lose our carriers, we destroy our ability to fight them at all
The Chinese are sending out search parties to try to find the crews before the Jap patrols do, if any of the planes make it.
What if the Japanese did invade?
And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German.
Grandpa, if you had a chance to do it all again, what would you do?
What if I'm the only one
You're always on my case if I don't call..
Still, knowing what I know now, if I had the chance to do it all over again, I'd sure do things a lot differently.
I wonder if people would still like me if I stopped being Mr
I will be happy if I have you
When the Monotones did "Book of Love  Chapter Four you break up, won't you give it just one more chance..." I'm thinking Did we break up? 'Cause if we did, I don't even know about it!
What's the fun of being a teenager if you can't dress weird
You will live forever if you give me your Twinkie
What if we're witnessing the end of touch dancing?
But if that's what you want, maybe we can do it tomorrow for your birthday.
It'll spoil everything if you and Charlie break up
He's free to see other girls, if he wants.
Mom, if you could live your life over again, would you do the same thing
I couldn't tell you before, I didn't know if I should
But what if you can't snap me out of it?
Don't you wonder if there's going to be a nuclear war
What if you're not here tomorrow?
What if it's beyond science
I'd be very careful if I were you
There's a place out in the woods... if you bury something there, it comes back alive.
I don't care if it's Halloween... it's a school night, and if you do this again...
You think he'd believe it if he did?
Look, if there was even one chance in a million it'd work, wouldn't you want to try?
What if it's not bullshit
I wasn't sure if it even really existed.
It doesn't make any sense, it sounds as if we're talking about someone else
It's not a pleasant procedure, but if the KS is causing the diarrhea, we ought to know right away.
And that pretty much sums up the general thinking out there, if you want to know the truth.
And if they hadn't fired me, that's what I'd be doing today.
She said he would like it if I wore something smaller, less garish, and... more "American."
Your Honor, if Mr
Explain to me, if you can, Mr
This trial is not about a disease, is that what you're saying? <u>Not</u> about your understandable, if unfounded, fear of catching AIDS through casual contact with someone who has it
Would you take a client if you were constantly thinking: "I hope this guy doesn't touch me
I've seen your television commercials. "If you or anyone you know has been injured through the fault of others..
And if we got any choice, that's the way we should all go out
Well, guess if it was trickeration he'd just do me, huh
But if you cut it with peppermint schnapps, that goes away
Let him go if that's what it --. -- we need a fail-safe
You mean, if he learns that you're gonna royally fuck him over.
Only way we're truly safe is if he believes he's goin' free
But if he <u>stops</u> believin' --
They seem to stick to the dark, so if we stick to daylight, should be all --
Ask if anyone has anything in cargo
Well, even if you don't believe in God, it doesn't mean He won't be --
Here, she'll be safe if we put her between --
And if these animals really are phobic about light, we just sit tight till then.
Just wonderin' if we don't need a bigger piece of chum.
What if you're one of five?
Not if I'm the one.
Would if I were you.
Only if we both get outta this alive
And I'm just wondering if I shouldn't lighten the load right now.
But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction, you'll hang for high treason.
Cornelius, if you have a moment today, I'd like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail.
Right now, if you like.
Because if he is a missing link, it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment.. 'I am not a missing link.'
What if Taylor is exactly the proof you needed
And even if it weren't, why fly
Even if you could get back, they'd think you were something that fell out of a tree.
Held walk naked into a live volcano if he thought he could learn something no other man knew
Although I do feel that if it ever came down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property --
But if he does not come from another planet, then surely he sprang from our own
Then answer this: If ran was superior, why didn't he survive?
If Zira and Cornelius can prove that those scrolls don't tell the whole truth of your history; if they can show you definite evidence of another culture from an unrecorded past -- will you exonerate them?
All right, let's see if you're willing to put that statement to a test.
Secondly, if these 'tools' as you call them, are unidentified, why are they introduced as 'evidence' of anything?
I'm gonna put it in this asshole's crotch, see if he can walk.
Yeah if you let me have your shirt.
You guys trying to cure the headache by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't ask you to fight his battles and if there's a Heaven - and god, I hope so - I know he's sitting up there drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin' shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT DOWN HERE
Give me three men, if I'm wrong, I can still roll up that flank.
And it's some goddamn battle too - if you'se a man, wrestle with that angel...  ...Love and Hate - the whole shitbang show, that's the story then and now and it ain't hardly gonna change...
But I can read signs if the print is large enough
A sort of tenseness, as if you were afraid of something.
If it has to be--do you mind if I do it myself
Even if I have to kill both of us--
Even if they find him, what connects him with me?
I'd still go through--even if I ended up in jail.
But not if you say so.
You can make coffee if you like.
Not if you are young and beautiful
You have to be good to do that, And if you look out of a front window of the Empress Hotel in Victoria, in a few hours you can look right down on Mr
And if I helped you, I'd be committing a crime, or so they tell me.
Quite near--  Yes, if you don't mind waiting.
It still doesn't matter if I kiss you?
You don't sound as if you liked him very much.
You can have the table yourself, if you'd rather
But even if you were in love with me.
Would you be satisfied if I said I shot him?
Make it somewhere else if you don't like Charlie's.
Not if she knew she wouldn't be believed.
Would it have helped if I'd knocked him down?
Sardonic, if you will my dear
Or if she didn't, there's a passkey on every floor in the linen room
Catch me at the Vancouver Royal if it's important.
Ask him if he had any objections.
You killed jim--even if it wasn't murder
Must have been very fancy, if he scratched her phone number in gold.. "G.G
She didn't seem the type to lam out--even if she got the chance
And if you didn't believe me?
Not if it clears the air.
Anybody could commit suicide, if he felt low enough
Would your sensibilities be offended, if I sent out a general alarm to pick up this girl?. "Superintendent J
You know what would happen to you if I turned these over to the police?
I doubt if anyone there remembers him now, just another long dead diligent administrator
It might help if you could get yourselves attacked by the police
Yes, if you like
And if you aren't, you should jolly well change your job.
Then, if you hang on, and especially if you're promoted, you discover a new kind of pleasure
I would have been delighted for you if it had
No need to thank me, if you don't want to
Yes, if I see him, I will. .
The bed's all made up if you want to stay.
He came back, made a pompous little bow and said, 'My dear girl you may film me all afternoon if you wish.' And he's promised not to talk to the Press.
What if your chute fails, Bodhi
You mind if I go take a look?
You think the taxpayers would like it, Utah, if they knew they were paying a federal agent to surf and pick up girls?
That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens..
Look, if you're gonna go leavin' your piece and your shield in the car, you can damn well stay in sight
It'll be subtle, if it's here at all.
Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it
Yeah, you saw me and you figured that if a mere girl can do it, a big strong stud like you shouldn't have any problem
The man realized that it would be better for his future and his son's future, if he cooperated.
What if someone tries to steal it?
What if I lose it?
It's not as if you're from a convent.
There's no emotion involved in business... if you want to survive.
You mind if I take a swim in your bathtub before I hit it?
I like guys if that's what you're asking
Every place has hookers, but if this hotel has hookers, they don't look like they're...
Mind if I turn on some heat?
Listen, if he's really caving in, we'll go from there down to the office
I'm suddenly wondering if this girl's not the difference
Tonight if you can arrange it.
Edward, if the three of us sit down together we might as well announce our plans in the Wall Street Journal.
Miss Vivian, I wonder if you might come down to the front desk
But what if they serve soup?
What if they serve soup?
I didn't ask if it would fit
Then you're not married -- if you didn't say it, you didn't do it  -- wouldn't you agree, Your Highness?
But what if something happens to you?
How long do we have to wait before we know if the miracle works?
After all that Westley did for her, if she does not marry him, it wouldn't be fair.
You could read a little bit more ... if you want. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           17.
Because I can stop now if you want.
So I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't distract me.
I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using.
But if there can be no arrangement, then we are at an impasse.
Roger, do you mind if we talk a little business?
Only if we ask him.
But if something should..
Leo, what if this play is a hit?
But what if the play was a hit?
You see, if you were really a bold criminal, you could have raised a million.
Now let's see, if we add these figures, we get ...
Wake me if there's a fire.
I can deal with it if I want to
Window's so filthy, can't tell if it's day or night out there.
All right, but remember, if you damage the Fuhrer's reputation, I kill you.
Might save me a lot of leg-work if I could just talk to your mother
Or if she had you say... gallantly protecting her... you wouldn't be fooled... you'd know she was just using you
Look, if you won't believe me, go ahead
You can help me make beds if you like
I'm sorry, I have work to do, Mr... if you don't mind...
Now, try to remember if this girl...
I don't care if you do or..
Sam, if she's here...
Wouldn't have been able to tail you if you did.
And my mother called to see if Teddy called
I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to you
Well, if he opens a new motel on the new highway... say, a year from now...
Sam, if you owned a useless business like this motel... one you probably couldn't even sell...  what would you need to get away, to start a new business, somewhere else
Do you think if something happened, it happened there?
I wonder if that hurt her, my not letting her sacrifice for me
Some people are so willing to suffer for you that they suffer more if you don't let them.
I wonder if we'll ever see Mary again.
Don't you think he'd have called if he had anything...
I think she'll contact me if she contacts anybody
Look, if you two are in this thing together, I don't care, it's none of my business..
I want to know if my sister is here.
And if she ever re- marries, the alimony stops... and then...
But if I can see you, touch you even as simply as this..
You couldn't be a criminal if you committed a major crime.
Or it will be... if we go on meeting in shabby hotels whenever you can find a tax-deductible excuse for flying down deductible here...
She needs me... and it isn't...  ...it isn't as if she were a maniac, a raving thing... it's just that... sometimes she goes a little mad
Wouldn't it be better if you put her in... someplace...
When you love someone, you don't do that to them, even if you hate them
I was just about to, myself... nothing more than some sandwiches and a lot of milk, but I'd like it if you'd come up to the house and..
I'll be in the office if you want anything... just tap on the wall.
Now if you woke up on the wrong side of... the car seat, that's one thing
But when you act as if I've just placed you under arrest...
Am I acting as if... something's wrong?
We thought, if you didn't mind, we'd go out to the motel with you.
Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if anyone rings it in the middle of the night
Why don't you call Norman and let him say just what happened, if he give the man a hot lead and he did just scooted off... it'll make the girl feel better, Albert.
I think if you saw a chance to get out from under... you'd unload this place...
As if men don't desire strangers, as if... oh, I refuse to speak of disgusting things because they disgust me
Everyone concerned thought... if they could get her to give back the money... they could avoid involving her with the police.
Goofy, if ya ast me.]
Mind if I look around
It is as if he finds a connection between what he reads and the fearful events that have taken place around him
You can do a solo if you don't step on it
And if it's with someone else, you can make it a permanent arrangement.
But be very stern before you forgive him, especially if it is your fault  ..
Although you would be amused if I were to tell you that I knew you before you were born
Even if I had not met with this disaster, I could never have hoped to do anything finer, probably nothing quite so fine
Just this -- I got a look at that dump a little while ago and if they haven't got a wax figure of Joan Gale in that line-up, then I'm crazy.
Listen, Jim -- and if you wisecrack while I'm talking I'll crown you with the inkwell.
On the square, Jimmy, if you'd seen Winton down there -- I'm not holding a brief for him -- maybe he's a dirty pup, but he's scared and hysterical -- and so kinda dumb and worthless ...
Even if he didn't kill the kid, he's responsible for her death, and they can fry him any time without making me sore.
If he wasn't social register -- if it was somebody like me, you'd be trying to hang him.
But you bring me something for the next edition if it's only a recipe for spaghetti!
Well, is it my fault if nothing happens?
See if you can jar your charming friends loose from enough to eat on.
Say, if you're stringin' me, Old-Timer ...
I've got to make news, if I have to bite a dog
I wonder if it would be all right for me to slip in and look around your factory?
I've only known you twenty-four hours, but I'm in love with you.. --and so determined to live that I'm going to get out and take a taxi if you don't watch where you're going.
Darned if I don't!
Now if you've got any suspicions I'll drive you to the nearest police station.
Not even if it gives you a clean bill of health?
I'm trying to help you, if you're on the square, and I think you are.
You're in a tough spot, and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the cry-baby stuff --
Anything that any sane, normal person might have done will have a sinister meaning, if I did it
I wonder if I could have her pose for me.
What was her name?. -- What if your seven and a half precious liters were downloading over the parquet floor
What if I didn't miss?
Two: what if I didn't miss?
Obviously you're sick if you can act like that.
Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
But why, if I'm not hurting you?
You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot.
Do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while?
True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder
Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with.
Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him
But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again.
She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean
Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that.
Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened.
Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant
How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about
I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die
And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go.
It isn't her fault if she's popular... what?
And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me!
Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics --
Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe.
And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride.
As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out.
Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them.
Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep
Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you
Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you?
Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead
Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit -- and he says I would too if I was grown-up
She must have gotten protein somewhere as a young child, if only sporadically.
You look sick if you ask me
But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it.
We'll take the CalTrust heist, but if it's no good, we will hunt you down, and Billy-Boy will pull out your spine and he will beat you to death with it.
And if we're not blissfully happy with what you tell us, we arrest you just for the fun of it.
Even if I did, I'm not so crazy I'm gonna cross Zimmermann.
I could quit now if I wanted, I just don't want to.
You big, fat sonofabitch, if it weren't for me, you'd still be sitting in the file room where I found you
What do I do if I'm not that?
Yeah, but if we don't sit, they'll take our badges.
Close your eyes if you're scared.
I'll give you a fucking hoot if you don't shut up back there.
She's fine, as if you cared.
On the other hand, if we fuck this up, it means more zombies crawling the gutters than ever and a morgue that doesn't have a single empty drawer
And, after that, I'll decide if you keep your shield.
I know it is, even if you don't.
All I'm saying is, your little Bicentennial mementos would be more accurate if there were no holes in the pepper shaker so the pepper couldn't get out.
The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him
I wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear, Lord Vader.
Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.
This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.
Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.
Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the rest of my life, so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.
It's as if we were glued to the spot.
I - ah - wondered if you could help us
It don't matter if I lose..
Don't matter if he opens my head..
Why do you do it if it hurts so bad?
Like it would make a difference if you were, right
I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you are set on fighting Green.
Round three ready to start and should be interesting to see if Creed can put the challenger away -- there goes the bell.
I only wonder if this man has the skill to go past three rounds -- Vegas odds say, 'no.'
Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man..
Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it.
I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more.
She's gonna die alone if she don't wise up.. ...Adrian ain't sharp.
So if you don't mind...
So you're not even gonna bother to find out if the rabbit's gettin' framed?
I woulda caught 'em if Cheetah here hadn't interrupted me.
Look, doll, if I wanted underwear, I woulda broken into Frederick's of Hollywood
My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor, you're better off dead.
Look, pal, if you're still here when I finish this drink, I'm callin' the police.
Quarrel sir! no, sir.. [Aside to GREGORY] Is the law on our side, if I say ay?
I will bite my thumb at them; which is a disgrace to them, if they bear it.
I will go along; An if you leave me so, you do me wrong.
Drink it off and, if you had the strength of twenty men it would dispatch you straight.
What if this mixture do not work at all
For nothing can be ill if she be well.
Young son, it argues a distemper'd head so soon to bid good marrow to thy bed: or if not so so, then here I hit it right, our Romeo hath not seen his bed tonight.
Or if you do not make the bridal bed in that dim  monument where Tybalt lies.
I think you are happy in this second match, for it excels your first; or if it did not, your first is dead--or 'twere as good he were as living here and you no use to him.
I uh, by and by I come--But if thou mean'st not well, I do beseech thee--. [Within] Juliet!
Do not swear at all; Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I'll believe thee.
I know thou wilt say 'Ay,' And I will take thy word: yet if thou swear'st, Thou mayst prove false
O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully:
The garden walls are high and hard to climb, And the place death, considering who thou art, If any of my kinsmen find thee here.
Neither, fair maid, if either thee dislike.
Deny thy father and refuse thy name; Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, And I'll no longer be a Capulet.
As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun did murder her, as that name's cursed hand did murder her kinsman.
If ye should lead her into a fool's paradise, as they say, it were a very gross kind of behavior, as they say: for the lady is young; and, therefore, if you should deal double with her, truly it were an ill thing, and very weak dealing.
I don't particularly like you, so imagine what I'll do if you try anything...
You go shoot me if you want, Vincent, but you'll be dead before I hit the ground.
And I don't believe you'd be running this show if you didn't know what was going on.
I think you're lying to me, and if you are you're a dead man!
Come off it, Sam -- if we weren't friends already we wouldn't be here now, would we?
Well, if it isn't Mr
And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think...
Because if they had she'd be gone along with the package, instead of sitting here with us.
And when I consider that, I have to wonder if you don't have some ulterior motive for being here, with me, right now.
I feel as if I've wandered onto the set of Enter The Dragon
Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning
Sorry to screw you over like this, but the information you want might get me killed if I give it to you, and that's a price I'm not willing to pay.
You'll die if you leave here.
We'll die if we stay here!
I want the item, and if you don't give it to me, I'm gonna kill you.
Because if there's more than one party involved, if we really are working for different people, then perhaps some of us are on different sides
I'm afraid Vincent will die if he goes with you.
But you are not healthy, and if you try I'll kill you.
Forgive my intrusion into your affairs, but I am the one who connected Vincent to this job, his agent, if you will
Then if you don't mind..
Surely, if you are a hired gun, you realize that some times you just have to walk away without getting what you came for.
But yes, if it would have kept him from shooting you, I would have.
I didn't want to kill him if I didn't have to.
I'll fix this myself if I have to.
I needed to see if you were a cop
I wonder if she truly left the IRA.
I asked if we could give him anything else.
Thinks his more moderate filmmaking brethren have turned to making movies for peace-loving pussies, if you see what I'm saying.
I was wondering if you had any movies that were particularly new.
Even if all of it's marked, there's ways around it.
You don't know if he was really gonna --
Even if we have the tape, that wouldn't shut him up!
Besides if the DEA heard that tape we'd be behind bars right now
We have to cover all the bases if we're going to pull this!
I'll worry about that when it happens and if it happens, and it's not gonna happen!
Don't you think we would have heard if one, two --  shit I don't know how many were at large
You better believe it if you know what's good for you!
SALLY If he asks me again, I'm gonna tell him I returned it all.
I don't think he suspects anything, but now you know, if he mentions it.
Hell no. besides I'm just a radio call away if something happens
Well I don't like any surprises, especially if I'm forking over the loot for them!
And if we refuse
If you're a criminal you don't carry ID, and if you do you're a damn fool.
We're doing a check on the manufacturers'	serial number, see if there were other defective tapes in the bunch
Little Chang is gonna have to go visit his daddy in jail if you don't cooperate.
Let me guess, she couldn't handle the cop thing -- never knowing if you were dead or alive
You want to figure out why they killed your Daddy, get on the plane.. -- but if somebody gave me the chance to square up my father's death, I'd go to hell to do it.
Ask me if I give a shit.
I don't know if the Fu-Cang-Long paid you to get rid of Tan, or whether it was a pure vendetta killing -- but you're off this case
The police can protect you.. ... if your father were alive, I would be turning to him now
You seemed as if you liked to talk
Yeah, if you're Superfly.
Well...listen, if you need any help, you know, back up, call me, OK?
Even if you don't get Sparky, I'll bet you get ten to twenty more
I wouldn't touch that if I were you.
Even if you deny the FBI is there, I will assume you are lying.
Visualize the end zone, if you catch my drift.
So if you're not running and Ike Graham is there to see it, then any article he writes has got to have a happy ending, right
But if you ever become a Catholic, may I ask you a favor, Maggie?
Well, I'm good, I don't know if I'm best.
And this guy today tried to end world hunger, if you can believe that...
But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life
I was, because if you said "yes" right away, I wouldn't get to say this next part
And if it's mutual, it's well, terribly distracting.
Maybe it's just me, but -- if you got to dress it up, it doesn't ring true.
Your notes made interesting bedtime reading -- if you like trashy fiction
I'd feel better if I knew where he was.
And I think now that you are aware of it and that it hurts people's feelings, maybe it's time to move on with your life and commit to someone of your own, like Bob, if he's the one.
That's what he says, but if he thinks that I don't realize he's writing another article, then he's an idiot.
It's just what I would have picked out if I'd had every ring in the world to choose from
And your brother Tom is a psychology professor and is married to...Betsy --. -- because Irene threatened to put the dog to sleep if he didn't --
I'm going to run back to Walter's arms, if he's still have me.
We're very excited about meeting you in New York on Valentine's Day and seeing if we are M.F.E.O
I mean, what if I never meet him
What if this man is my destiny and I never meet him?
Of course it took several years before everything worked like clockwork in that department, so don't be worried if it takes a while --
Sam, if you're not doing anything New Year's -- obviously you're not doing anything New Year's -- we're having some people over, all of them married, not one even remotely interested in playing around
And if I could describe it, it probably wouldn't be on a radio show
But something must be missing if Jonah feels that you're still under a cloud.
Okay, but if I get yelled at, I'm never gonna listen to this show again.
Well, I think I can help a little more if I talk to him directly.
What if I couldn't get to you?
I don't give a good goddam if you're angry --
That's what single people do, they try people on and they see if they fit
But not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you're halfway through dinner you might be sorry you asked them to dinner whereas if it's just a drink, if you like them you can always ask them for dinner but if you don't you can go home if you see what I mean
I wonder if it still works this way.. -- a slice of pizza --
You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or --
We're having like a really neat open house today from like four to whenever if you care to stop by.
He will if he wants us to go on blasting.
And if you can't understand this you're a fool -- because you can't win this strike without me
Do you still think you can have dignity only if I have none?
Because the company knows they can starve us out -- even if it takes another two, three months
What's it to them if the mine's shut down a little longer?
But if you go back they'll lock you up again.
Listen, if you think I'm gonna play nursemaid from now on, you're crazy ..
Because if we lose, we lose more than a strike
And if we win, we win more than a few demands
They figure if they can lock up the leadership on some phony riot charge, maybe they can bust the strike.
Well, if that's possible ...
Look, I can't help you with Quincey if that's what you're after.
I knew that if these were the guys I was looking for, I'd have to set up a deal so sweet, they wouldn't be able to walk away from it.
Wouldn't be a favor if you were paying me
I thought that maybe if you knew that I didn't use, you might see it in yourself to go clear.
Wait  If you don't trust me, why did you tell me that stuff about not using drugs?
I'm getting a 10% finder's fee from my man if I can get the right price.
That's probably what he would have done if we hadn't found out about your get-rich-quick scheme.
Well, if you'd rather do a stretch in la casa grande ...
I'm making the small buy tonight ... if I don't get beaten to death with a wheelchair or something
What if he caps me before you can make a move?
Hey, do you think you could eat me if you had to
And if so, which part do you think you would find the most delicious?
He's going home, if he's alive.
His lap dog told me if anyone breathes on it, I'll get busted and if anyone so much as touches it with their little finger, I'll get court marshaled
I'll tell you what, if I'm still alive when it hits five-hundred, I'll let you know and we'll split the money.
Well, if we had ten times the men and a lot more ammo, we might stand a chance, but not against those tanks.
But, that's my personal brand of stupidity, I feel kind of proprietary about it, if you do it again, you're busted.
Don't let yourself get killed, if you do, they might make me give back the medal and then I won't be able to lip off to colonels anymore.
No, but if I get any worse, you'll have to relieve me.
Not in so many words, but they tell you you can have all the firepower in the world and if your men don't have good morale, it's not worth a damn
So if you're scared or empty or half-a-step from a Section Eight, do you tell your men
That's why I'm such a good officer, I can look at a man's face and tell you exactly what he's holding, and if it's a shit hand, I know just what cards to deal him.
Even if Ryan's where he's supposed to be, he's more than likely dead.
Miller Damn, I'll go see if I can find another one
CAPTAIN, IF YOUR MOTHER SAW YOU DO THAT, SHE'D BE VERY UPSET!
I wonder if his cabin is still available?
What if our guys open up, sir?
But what if he dies on the way back?  you see what I'm saying, sir
I'll make a note of your suggestions but I'll leave that last one to you, especially if he's already dead.
Sir, if you were not a captain, I would compliment you, now, for being an excellent liar.
In addition, as I pointed out earlier, I have a fondness for cheese and I hope to have the opportunity to sample some of the Ramelle products, when we arrive there, to see if they live up to their excellent reputation
But if you weren't a captain, or if I were a major, what would you say?
Sir, what if they send some other company into Caen ahead of us while we're pinned down here?
The hell you aren't, you're comin' with me if I have to drag you every inch of the way
Sir, if the Krauts are holding this bridge when division shows up, our guys are going to be sitting ducks.
Now, if I were you, I would take that fellowship.
See if your father fits the profile.
I wore these clothes, I thought, I thought that if I looked right and if I acted right then someone would talk to me
But listen, if I had a friend in the same position, I would tell her to delay a year.
There was, uh, somebody on the plane worked in a recording studio, and, uh, we got this telephone call, this guy is making a sound effects record, and he'd gotten our address and he wanted to know if he could come over and record her scream.
But what if that doesn't happen
You know, your room is always ready for you, you can always come home if... alright, what do you want me to do?
You know, I don't even know if you've got a young man in your life?
I'm sorry if that upsets you.
Well, if we're friends, why can't we see each other?
I mean, I felt like I wanted to tell you something, but I didn't put it in the letter, and I didn't say it, but I want to say it now, I'm not sure if I should say it, you know, 'cause people always say it and don't mean it, but I think that I mean it, so, um, I just wanted to tell you...
I usually have a break after the dinner service, if you want to stop by.
I thought that if babies were on the plane, the plane couldn't crash
Um, would it be terrible if I wanted to go home early?
It does, it does if it's the version signed 'I still can't help loving you'
But I thought that is was important, that she come to see you, because I know that if you go somewhere and you don't deal with your family stuff, then you're just gonna, she's gonna, um...
Mr Court, if you're listening to this, hello, how are you?
Go ahead, pick it up if you want.
Your training sticks  as a fighter, you know, but it's no good, you know, you have to be great, but I can't really tell if I'm great until I've had a couple of pro fights
I could've got more ... if I'd just ..
I don't know, if I'd just ..
We don't know if it's random
What if I said goodbye?
What if I said you?. "Drink with your brain." That's our motto
I just thought if I saw you face to face, maybe it would help.
We wanted to give you your moneys worth.. ..so we had to be different but yet the same because if you venture to far away from your orginal story you completely alienate the audience...
A twist ending if you will.
Whats the point if we dont get caught
Damned if I know
Now if you'll excuse me, I have some oozing to do.
What if your life depended on it?
Don't do this.. "If I should stay
You shatter if you have to.
Maureen looks at Phil, confused...as if seeing for the first time...IT'S NOT PHIL
All I'm saying is I'm gonna be royally p.o.'d if you don't catch my acting debut.
It could be a little while so I don't want you to start freaking if I don't get there at exactly,  Eight thirty.
You listen to me, if you're not where I want you in fifteen minutes I'll hollow her out
I swear to God if you lay one hand on her!
I swear to God if you lay a finger on her I'll fucking kill you!
Well if you won't work for me, will you work for the president?
Well can you tell me if the woman in this picture looks familiar to you.
Yeah, but, if I'm not mistaken, you said in your book that Sidney got it wrong before
Look, Miss Weathers, if there's a problem, give me a call
Could be days before we find her . . . that is, if she's even there.
And even if there was a third killer, Sidney doesn't know about it.
Rielly, but if anyone else should die, I'm going to have to get a warrant.
I figured I'd be safe If I was at least up here with the people I care about
Gale, I know this is a bad time and all but what if we try it out again
I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to a Tobe Hooper flick.
That way, if someone wants to kill me, I'll be with you, and since they really want to kill you, they won't kill me, they'll kill you
It was for girls like her to meet men, men who could get them parts, if they made the right impression
What if there's someone out there stalking actors
What if your father snapped
And if you get it right -- you die.
No, but if it were you, that would have been a very clever way to throw me off track
Mind if I join you?
But these kids today... damn if I know.
What if she did it
What if Sidney killed Casey and Steve?
Got it.. ...so call if you need me.. ...out at the airport...
Only if it's a nice Meg Ryan movie.
See, the police are always off track with this shit, if they'd watch PROM NIGHT they'd save time
Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
Just think if they make a movie about you
But if it wasn't Billy it could be anybody
You know, if you pause it just right you can see his penis.
You know if I were accused of carving up two people, I'd take the opportunity to skip school.
Why would they ask if you like to hunt?
He cuts off the skin if his fingertips
And... and... and he said... he asked me if I was married
I mean, at this point, what would it hurt if you told us a little about yourself?
A woman... so ugly on the inside that she couldn't bare to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside
An obese man, a disgusting man who could barely stand up... who if you saw him on the street, you'd point so your friends could mock him along with you
Who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish  your meal
So, there's a part of you that knows, even if everything you say is true, none of it matters.
I sympathize completely, because if you can't win... then, if you don't ignore everything and everyone around you, you... you become like John Doe
It wasn't one thing, if that's what you mean
I can't live where stupidity is embraced and nurtured as if it were a virtue.
You bitch and complain... if I thought like you, I would have slit my wrist already.
If we caught John Doe and he were the devil himself, if it turned out he were actually Satan, then, that might live up to our expectations
Well, come with us then, if it's okay.
It's probably nothing, but even if it is, it's no skin off our teeth
It's be best if you got to the point, cause I'm about ready to punch you in the face.
He'll string us along all the way if we're not careful.
In this city, if all the skeletons came out of all the closets... if ever hidden body were to suddenly rise again, there'd be no more room for the living.
Even if they did, those photos were taken before forensics.
What if it's not that she's seen something
What if she's supposed to see something, but she just hasn't been given a chance to see it yet?
And, if it's a threat.
But, why would there be so many pieces in his stomach if it were nothing
Look, it'd be great by me if we didn't start right off kicking each other in the balls
You worked a nice, quiet town, but you fought to get here as if your life depended on it
Actually, if it's all the same, I'd like to get to the precinct house a.s.a.p
Please, I need you to help me if we're going to get who did this.
I don't know if David told you, but I teach fifth grade, or did.
He'll understand if you tell him how you feel.
Only after the fact... this sudden realization, that if you shoot someone, or stick a knife in them, that person will cease to exist.
You've said that enough!...Maybe Lucy's dead...maybe they're both dead...but if I hear it from you again, I'll fight ya, Mr
You're goin' if the captain says you're goin'...
Yes, sir...But if you're wrong, <U>Captain</U> Clayton, don't ever give me another!. ...as you have of findin' those girls alive by ridin' into 'em..
She ain't goin' back to her family, that's certain...not if she took off where the arrow points.
And if he has a girl with him...a <U>white</U> girl -- nai-bist pabo taibo...
They're with 'em -- if they're still alive.
Sorry...We don't even know if Debbie 'n Lucy are with this bunch...Maybe they split up...
We recovered a bushel of trinkets in that camp... cheap stuff...trade goods...Couldn't help noticing that most of it was Mexican...Maybe if you could talk to some of those Mexican traders along the border...What do they call themselves?
I am...I am...It's just that I know Martha'd want you to think of her boys as well as her girls...And if the girls are...dead...Ethan, don't let the boys waste their lives in vengeance!
I'd be obliged if you'd get to the point, ma'am.
I don't care if he <U>never</U> comes back!
Only if I'm dead!
Do you know what Ethan will do if he has a chance?...He'll put a bullet in her brain
What if all these things are somehow connected?
Well, if you won't let me smoke grass, then at least I'll go get myself some cigarettes.
And who would believe him if he told the truth?
Not so bad, if I could get some peace and quiet around here.
Besides, if I need a play, I have another waiting, a comedy by Shakespeare.
It's as if my quill is broken
As if the organ of the imagination has dried up
As if the proud tower of my genius has collapsed.
Henslowe, you pound of tripe, in my business I would be out of business if I had your courage, so don't tell me about business
By God, Will, if you do not, who does
We are at least four acts short, Will, if you are looking for disaster.
I would stay asleep my whole life if I could dream myself into a company of players.
A thousand times good night!". "Madam!". "I come, anon--But if thou meanest not well, I do beseech thee--". "Madam!". "All my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay, And follow thee my lord throughout the world.". "Go ask his name--If he be married, My grave is like to be my wedding bed.". "I know not."
But if you are the man to rider her, their are rubies in the saddlebag.
I'll be damned if you are!
So, if that is all, to Greenwich I go.
And yet I would, if I were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
The early morning rose would wither on the branch, if it could feel envy!
Oh, if I could write the beauty of her eyes
They don't even know who those people are, and even if they did, they have nothing to connect them with us, nothing at all.
Look, if I draw the short straw, then I'll do it, but I'm not going to do it just because you won't.
A spade, we need a spade -- I wish you would concentrate -- we need a spade if we're going to dig a pit.
You call them if you want.
I just wondered if it would surprise you.
And if I told you their car was parked outside, would that surprise you?
And if it sounds like I'm being killed, you'll phone the police, you'll tell them everything?
But what's the use if it's underground, or in some funny bank in some funny place
If you can't spend it, if you can't have it, what use is it
It's nothing, all for nothing, if you do that
Oh, yeah, sure, if you want
Well, if you do, you'll let us know?
I wonder if we could ask you some questions.
Yes, the telephone, but if it's for me, I'm not in
Look again if you like.
And you know the worst thing about it, even if it does somebody some good somewhere which I can't possibly imagine, you'll never know the difference
You're just sweating and kidding yourself - and you're kidding yourself if you think your new business partner is going to keep his hands off that girl -- or that she'll keep her hands off him.
Why would I like to know if there's nothing I can do about it, goddammit --
And if a deal loses money that's not so bad either if it's handled right.
That's why I asked if he was a fairy.
I wouldn't say so if I didn't.
I don't care about that girl, I don't care if she's dead.
You're very rude... if you don't come back --
How do you expect to get anything done if you allow yourself to get sidetracked
See if you've been making it with my mother.
Rates, for example, rise independently of tight money if you look at interest curves carefully
And if you don't reach her, keep trying.
Nothing.. -- what?. -- oh I thought you were --. -- where'd you go?. -- well, if you feel like playing, go play.... -- sure.
Now, baby... if I told you about her... then you couldn't count on me not telling anymore... could you?
Anyway... if I can't have love I have to at least have money
She's really going to be pissed if I don't.. -- Yeah... your car down here?
I don't know if you don't know --
George, if you keep this up I'm going to scream.
How?. -- no, it'll help me, really --. -- please, baby --. -- it'll help me if you'll tell me.
Who knows, I'm sure you don't -- but if it'll help any, I found it in your bed.
You told him I was here and he wanted to know if I was beating you up.
I said I wasn't sure if I could go.
Not if I had any choice in the matter
George, I know you have to deal with Felicia and you're caught in the middle, and if you can just bear with me tonight, well, I appreciate the way you've handled the situation.
I told you I get 'scared up here, so if you're not coming right now..
You wouldn't feel this confined if we could go out with people and have dinner, and a little conversation and so forth...
Just continually, without stopping?. -- See, I just know that if I go to Egypt, well, things happen, I just don't know what'll happen to us, he just never seems to think ahead, does he?
C'mon.. -- listen, I wonder if you kids could give me a ride
No.. if you were to open your mouth now, could I see Tony?
Now Danny, when you were brushing your teeth, do you remember if you smelled anything funny, or saw any bright flashing lights, or anything at all strange?
Perhaps they need a good talking to, if you don't mind my saying so
Dick, if you're ready to do it now, I think it would be a good idea if you could show Mrs
I wouldn't know what to do with it if I did.
Yes, very cosy for a family, and if you feel like spreading out you have the rest of the hotel to move around in.
Do you mind if I ask why you do that
Well, if you are going to have some, I wouldn't mind
Yeah... but if you hear any more noises, tell your father
Pretty soon I'm going to start checking the mirror to see if I'm turning green.
What if I say no?
It goes fast, all right- and if your mother finds out just how fast, Marty, I will have a new job
What if it's some kind of monster?
Uncle Al, what if it's not a guy?
And don't open the door for any trick or treaters even if they come!. -and Babcock, I remember
But if you can't leave your booze in whatever dump you call home, you better just stay away.
What if some dude is after you, and he's always saying stuff, commin' on sweet and mellow
Oh, baby, if you loved me, you'd stay.
He said that if I got a divorce I'd burn in Hell
What if I forget the words?
I tried to explain that to Reverend Mother, but -- I don't know if she understood.
And look, if it's about me, I mean, I'm gone.
I don't know if we could sing, if we thought that was true.
It's like... "Star Search." If first prize was a trip to the Vatican
Peter if you don't get your ass out of here!
What if I was Vince
And if I don't?
And if she runs?
I figured if you were gonna, then I wouldn't have to.
As if I could stop you
I say... if the Horseman is solid enough to take the lives of our people, he's solid enough to feel this...
You would be also, if your wound had not somehow shut.. ..
In time I will need every detail of the three murderings you've had, but, for now, I ask only if you have any theory at all as to who the killer might be?
Only if I repeat them outside this room
And, I will if I must..
Protest to my superiors if you like.
Very few, if any.
And, <u>with</u> disrespect, Constable, if jails and courts overflow, it is testimony to success, not failure.
Our first night watch is adequate against fire and some violence, but if we were more often able to ensure justice, after the fact, then criminals would truly have something to fear from law enforcement.
I could determine if he were dead <u>before</u> he went into the Hudson.
Just a moment... if I may
It will, protect against the Horseman if I show a brave face
But, if the farm is not mine, who stole it away?
It is perfection for our murderer if I return to New York City with nothing more than tales of a galloping ghoul
If someone has the Horseman's skull... if they control the Horseman, then why haven't they sent him for your head yet?
I apologize if I worried you.
You'll bring dignity to the dead even if you have to chop them into little pieces to do it.
This singular thrust found its target omnipotently, as if the Horseman made certain the unborn child died with its mother.
I have something to show you, if you have a moment.
Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful
If it works out and all, maybe we'll get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to
Just thought I'd check on Karl and see if everything's working out.
Now like I said, I'll understand if you get nervous about it
Wouldn't do any good if I did
I'll help you tote 'em if I don't give out first.
Don't go Vaughan if you don't want to
Frank, why don't you go off and play in your room if Doyle's gonna talk nasty.
Karl can stay if he wants to
See, Frank, me and you mama wouldn't have any problems if it wadn't for you
But since you do exist, if I'm gonna be here as the head of the household, we'll have to live by my rules
It wouldn't matter to me if you did do violence on somebody 'cause I ain't afraid of shit
Will ye do somethin' for me if I ast you to?
Sometimes I think it would of been better if I wadn't ever born.
We're liable to win if we keep this up
I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference.
It seems like you should have kept him alive and took care of him if he was your brother.
It don't matter if you ain't no good
You ort not to if ye ain't married to somebody
I usually get run off by her mama or daddy if they're home
I got a little money if he don't
I reckon if you want me to
I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
It's okay if you're lookin' out for yourself
He threatened to kill her if she ever left him
My daddy would kill him if he was here and somebody was mean to mama
How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her?
She'll give us somethin' if we ask her to
Or stay out here away from 'em if he'll let you
If it was up to me, I'd let you stay here if that's what you wanted
If I put my neck out for you with him, will you work at it if he'll hire you?
You know how it is when you just sleep an hour or two, you feel worse than if you hadn't slept at all?
Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
I haven't decided yet if I'm a good cook.
What if he does it again
How am I going to conduct an interview if I can't ask him any questions?
Uh ... actually, it might be better if you read the story first
It's not as if the person you took it from really owned it.
You'll never get it if you don't slow down, my friend.
And even if I could, those things cost money
Not if you got her into one of those rehab programs.
There's no baby anymore, and if she wants to throw away her life, that's her business.
Why would I do it if I didn't have to?
And even if I did -- which I don't -- she wouldn't be our daughter.
I need your help, and if you keep staring at me like that
Drop me a postcard if you can remember the address.
Terry will bust my chops if I'm late
And I can't see getting married if Mr
Damned if I know
Henry told Cyrus he'd kill him if he ever showed his face around our house again
Small punishment for what he did, if you ask me.
They're both big men, those two, and if they ever started to tangle, you'd see some teeth jumping on the floor
Do you mind if I sit down
I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids
So if you're not willing to spring for it, you might as well not bother to look
A lot of good it will do you if the Creeper finds you.
I mean, if you think you're going to die, what's more important, a good book or a good smoke
Benjamin and I are attending a celebration tonight, and we would be most pleased if you chose to accompany us
And if you don't sleep, you don't need a bed
And they're not likely to forgive me if I testify against him.
The world is going to end pretty soon if you don't learn fast
But if you change your mind, here's the address.
It doesn't matter if they're there or not
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but I might be able to help.
On the other hand, since you insist, if you offered me a cold lemonade
Well, if you put it that way...
I don't mean to pry, but I see a kid walking around with a big knapsack on his back, and I begin to wonder if all his worldly possessions aren't stowed in there
Well, if the blood got <u>onto</u> the gaff by crushing a man's skull...
All right, what if the defendant <u>heard</u>
Course, if Carl lost both batteries, dead in the water, his radio wouldn't work
Now if you wanted to kill a man
But if truth was on your side, whatever were you worried about?
I think if you hold me, just this once, I can walk away and never speak to you again.
As if we have some right t...
As if all of our times alone together...in the hollow cedar, everywhere...were a secret.
And if Miyamoto there had been in a hurry to cast off, he coulda left this line behind on Carl's boat.
So if defendant had tied up to deceased's boat
I said that if I was playing Sherlock Holmes...I'd maybe look for a..
And I wouldn't blame these good people if they were a mite resent- ful
So if his head struck something narrow and flat, the gunnel of a boat, a net roller, a fairlead, could that have...
What if they fought
I'm not sure I quite get your...point.... ...He used to say, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
And if we have to, we'll starve.
Joe, if we get out of this hotel alive, you know what we're going to do
We're going to sell the bracelet, and grab a boat to South America and hide out in one of those banana republics -  The way I figure is, if we eat nothing but bananas, we can live there for fifty years - maybe a hundred years - that is, if we get out of the hotel alive
But if those guys catch us, there'll be blood all over
Besides, it's none of our business if you guys want to knock each other off -
Look, Sugar, if you feel you're coming down with something, the best thing is a shot of whiskey.
Look, if William Morris doesn't come through -
Now look, Nellie - if it's about last Saturday night - I can explain everything.
Look, if you boys want to pick up a little money tonight -  At the University of Illinois they are having - you should excuse the expression - a St
And if you need an orchestra to play at your wedding, we'll be through here in a couple of weeks.
Daphne has a beau - I have a beau - if we could only find somebody for you.
And maybe if we had some music -  - how do you dim these lights?
All right - if you insist.
Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back -  - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.
Maybe if you saw a good doctor...
We're well anchored - the ship is in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promised to call me if there are any icebergs around.
I don't mind if I do.
Maybe you'd better go after him - if you don't want to lose him.
Look, if you're interested in whether I'm married or not -
Well, Spats Colombo - if I were saw one.
Look, Chief - I better blow now, because if Spats Colombo sees me, it's Goodbye Charlie.
You know all that if these walls could talk stuff
Seven if you count the on-and-off years
Im not sure if you noticed, but Im here with someone else.
How would you even know if something were real?
What would you do if you stopped worrying about what other people think?
What would you do if you weren't an escort?
Believe me, if anything had happened, that would have been one of the highlights
And what if I didnt want you to...to do that to me?
Not if you take an advance on your credit card.
Are you asking me if Im gay for pay?
Now, listen, this covers the weekend, but as we discussed, if you want to be intimate, we talk money before anything happens.
And if you feel like crap, its way better to look hot while youre doing it.
What would you say if I told you I was a member of an elite task force employed to safeguard our nations most precious resource: your daughter.
I could have you arrested for that -- and if you give out that information to anybody, that's exactly what I'm going to do -- and I'll tell everybody in this town how you got the information and who you got it for
And I be damn if I'm going to jeopardize my job because you are in love with a little colored boy!
I don't care if both of my legs was cut off
Dear David, if you are coming to school here, be sure to bring some warm clothes
If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round your mama right now -- is they on this side of us, son?
Guess the cold done drove most of 'em down to the big water country -- but if there's one left out here -- we gotta find him.
Here's your food -- now you go straight to that place -- if you need to rest, go into a church or railroad station -- but don't go into nobody's house, you hear me?
And if they saw me pitch the way I did today -- they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth!
I hope it ain't a lot,'cause I can't give you no more credit till the croppin' season gits back, that is if Na--
I get shocked if I say 'ass-  OW!!!
More people will come if they think there'll be pie and punch!
Wendy, Mkay, if you want to start getting political, I'll throw your skinny little butt right back into rehab
I could leave him if I wanted to!
Yeah, so what if you say uncle raper or dicksucker or, or-
I bet she would if my name was GREGORY!!
But if she WAS it would be THAT little asshole who's fucking it up for me!
Well, if it is war they want..
I don't know if air strikes are necessary.
I don't care if it's dangerous
Besides, you know that if you left me, I'd hunt you down and kill you, right
What if I just left?. <b>Hey, guy, relax, put out
Now don't make me smack you in the eye like last time-</b>. <b>What if I, don't wanna put out
Well if you knew it then why did set your thrusters on before making the calculation?
Even if we do, it might be too late.
It must be oxygenated if we can hear him.
Given a malfunction, how would a rescue team get you out if the doors won't open?
Even if we had C4 and a laser torch these doors wouldn't budge
Well if you need anything, please feel free to ask me
Send it back if you don't want it.
Listen, if straight doesn't work out, you come work for me
Lemme give you some advice, if she asks you to dance, make sure her brother's not around
Somebody blew out Junior's pilot light, if you get my meaning.
What if he wants to get out?
You don't mind if I have a word with Theo, do you bunny
I don't know if you're the guy or what, but I'm not letting it happen
You knew he would go off if he thought I fooled around with you.
Don't let him catch you behind the machines; if he does, you're trapped
I'm sure you wouldn't care if he needed your help, right?
It wouldn't bother you if Buzz was in danger, would it?. ...lane six
Theo, what would you do if you couldn't bowl?
Mind if I cut in?
What if it attacks?
Can you copy?. ... it raises a very serious question: <u>What happens if Jerry</u> <u>gets mad</u>?
Because if Jerry is powerful and also emotional...
He said, "When you got a guy who -- if he wasn't here -- he'd be standing in the unemployment line, you gotta question if you got the right guy.". -- I didn't know it would come to this --. -- and then brought her down here --
Someone can check him out there, if it's that imprtant.
Sir, if the subs haven't left by now...
What if we go out there, you know -- wedge a crowbar in the door and pry the thing open.
You think I care if I die
Would I put explosives around the habitat -- set on vibration sensors -- that can trigger automatically, if I cared about myself
What if it takes 20 minutes, Norman
What if it takes an hour
REM activity is surpressed... ". "... used as an anesthetic if given in combination with paracin trichloride... "
And if it is -- it's a part of him not even he can control.
I wasn't absolutely sure if... they --
What if we feared the power to go away?
What if it's five or six or seven-dimensional
Well, if it's a discharge --
Been calling us every half hour to see if you're arrived.
Frankly, Ted, I'd be much happier if Jerry was just a cold, emotionless intellect.
I was wondering if you had some kind of a plan or are we going to try to blast our way in?
I doubt if the actual security there is much greater than on Aquilae or Sullust, and what there is is most likely directed toward large-scale assault.
One is positive and will help you if you learn how to use it
But the others half will kill you if you aren't careful
He said if I was ever in trouble, to come here..
Well, if it's not, we'll be facing that Death Star all by our lonesome.
Not if this tunnel deadends.
I'd keep that thing close just in case, if I were you..
It could be a little tricky if you want to avoid them... ten thousand.
It would be much easier if you were to tell us where the outposts are..
Your kindness is greatly appreciated, but if it's at all possible, Artoo and I would like to remain in your service.
We'll just have to head inland and see if we can't find a settlement.
That's how we came to be in your service, if you take my meaning...
I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for her
All I know is Carmen's going to be a citizen, and I don't think it'll work out for us if I'm not.
I don't even know if you're my girl.
No, I mean if he can get in, maybe I have a chance.
It wouldn't be so romantic if we weren't...
How do I know if this is love ?
Well, if your dad doesn't like me, how come we're such good friends ?
I like you even if you are dumb with numbers.
You can't go anywhere if you don't know math.
Well, if that's the crop, that must be the gastric caecal...
Too bad for her if she's not around.
I was hoping it would be alright if I came home.
It might look bad, but if that's the worst you suffer...
My job is to protect the lives of my soldiers so they can kill bugs, Major, and if you're walking me into a trap-
The Marauder power suit will prevent serious injury, but if you are hit, you will be non-operational and your team score will suffer accordingly
We'll know if you don't
What would you do if you were me ?
I doubt if any of you here would recognize 'civic virtue' if it bit you in the ass.
A citizen accepts personal responsibility for the safety of the body politic, of which he is a member, defending it, if need be, with his life
Tell me the moral difference, if any, between the citizen and the civilian ?
V'ger will comply if the carbon units disclose the information.
Captain, we can't be sure that our... move... will actually save Earth.. , if we do not provide     V'ger with certain information, we won't have twenty-two <U>seconds</U>; the plan must be implemented upon arrival.
I'd still like a Vulcan there, if possible...
You told me how envious you were, and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again
The 'puzzlement' I sensed was fleeting... minor...  ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance, Captain.
Decker, I will not provoke an attack, If that order isn't clear to you...
It will happen again if we don't correct it.
If I tell them, they'll, if I <u>tell</u> them, they'll try Bob for rape, they'll...it'll ruin his career...
I do if you do.
This isn't a good time.. ...because if you don't, they die...
In fact, in fact, in fact, I'm not sure if I'm giving <u>them</u> a second chance, or they're giving it to me
Actually, I'm not sure if I quit
Are you all right...?. ...not if you've got something to hold on to.. ...wouldn't that be dangerous?
I'm an attorney, if there's anything you have to say to...
He treated me as if I were a child.... ...I know, I'm so...because I said: yes, a woman who...the...the community <u>respects</u> her
I can't...I...I know I si...I, they, I don't know if they told me it was in the con...
I'd prefer it if you didn't speak to me.
If we let him do that, if we let him do that, then we're being false to our community...to our community, you understand...
I'm...Tuesday evening we're having an informal dinner, I didn't know you'd be 'on set,' but if you'd like to join your...
You need a...Even if this was true, you need a witness
Nobody asked me if I wanted a new mother
Nobody even asked me if I like her
Look if the truth is you don't feel like talking about this right now that's fine
I know you don't, but if you had, chrom- atically you <u>are</u> in the purple family.
A <u>suitable</u> boy, will be at <u>this</u> flagpole, <u>on</u> Monday, with a <u>very</u> expensive bike, and he will be a stone FOX if I have to call an <u>escort</u> service!
Now is that little prick still here, because if he is, I'm gonna rip his fucking <u>heart</u> out!. ...laughed, yeh
What if he's kidnapped?
Even if he didn't...completely...deserve it.
Mommy, if your real name's Jackie and I call you mommy; and Rachel's real name's Rachel...Then when I see her do I say hi Stepmommy
And if my name's Ben, how come you don't call me son?
Pay particular attention to whether it's chewy and if it tastes more like chocolate or soup.
It's her fault for not watching over my precious son, as if it were her priority
We don't KNOW if you've got it, we haven't SEEN it yet
Well, maybe they would if they thought it was okay, with y...
Jackie, if I thought for one moment...
And you think it's best for her if every- one pretends it didn't happen
That's not us.. 'But keep dancing, and if you're lucky, I might just never leave, who knows?'
What a difficult woman.. '...I don't know if I can make it.' That's what I said
Okay, if they're going to <u>have</u> a sauce, put something <u>in</u> it besides flour and chicken broth...
What if he is?
Or to me, if I'd been alive
And if he'd stayed, he would have been killed
Maybe it's for the bestI mean, if he was guilty of doing  something wrongPeople who are bad should be killed
Consuelo, I'm sorry, but you know if you don't speak English I can't understand you.
I mean, if they were poor, wouldn't it be better to have just one or two?
I mean, why are you making this documentary if you can't treat your subject with appropriate gravity?
What happens if he blows up the school?
But then, in a sense, since you would never have met Dad if your family had stayed in Europe...if it weren't for Hitler, none of us would have been born.
I'm sorry if I let you down, but really, I still say he's just one opinion
I don't care if he's won the Pulitzer Prize.
But it won't make any sense if you hear it out of context.
You're taking those SATs if I have to strap your ass to a chair, but buddy your taking them.
Mom, it's not fair if Brady can say the f-word and I can't.
See if I have any connections.
Do you mind if I call you back?
I wrote to Derrida to see if he'd like to do the narration
Well, I went to law school, if you can believe that.
Oh, yeah, well...um...I was just calling because, well, I was wondering if you still remembered me, which I guess you do...
Do you know if the demands are being taken seriously at this point, or does Washington think these people are just a bunch of crazy fuckers playing games?
And what will they do if the money isn't delivered?
Even if it's not--politically correct at the time.
Look Cooper I don't care what my father says, if you embarrass me here you're going to regret it, understand?
I assure you gentlemen if we had something of that magnitude it wouldn't be shelved in a lab somewhere...
This dreadful accident could never have happened if your government hadn't cynically and hypocritic- ally blocked every proposal we made for disarmament or arms control!!
Well, it has been explained to me that, if you add a thick Cobalt-Thorium-G jacket to a nuclear device, the radio- activity resulting from such a nuclear explosion will retain its lethal power for a hundred years.
I'll hold this, if you don't mind
Ah, but if we were able to untrigger it, that would be defeating its purpose
It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country
Buck, when I told you to give them right up to the top, you said we couldn't insult a general officer by asking him to pass a test to see if he's a psycho.
He asked General Ripper if he had issued the Go-code and the attack order, and General Ripper said:  "Sure, the orders came from me
What do you suppose is going to happen if General Ripper's planes start bombing their targets?
But what shall I tell them to do if they are denied entrance?
General Ripper, if I shut down the communi- cations center, there'll be no radio or teleprinter contact with Air Command head- quarters or anyone, for that matter.
Youddon't think I'd ask if you recognized my voice unless it was important, do you, Major?
And if I were going to try and hide a few, I wouldn't want to depend on the fact that some poor slob isn't going to run and blab for a million bucks
We're as smart as they are, and if they cheat, or even hold back information, we'd pull right out.
But if they suddenly opened up and gave us the inspection we want, we'd agree, wouldn't we?
They wouldn't care if they lost their whole country as long as they won.
Well, sir, I remember an example that pointed out that if a system was safe on 99.99% of the days of the year, given average luck it would fail in thirty years.
What if they start something?
And, if that's the case, I ask you again: Why do they want disarmament?
But if you just let things alone, we wouldn't lose anyone.
And if that were true?
Maybe if you think hard, you can think of the answer yourself.
Well, sir, I was thinking, if an enemy attack is in progress, how come the radio's still playing music
Well, sir, if the A/C's a really good man, I mean really sharp, why he can barrel that plane along so low - well you just have to see it some time
Well, if you choose to take his word over mine ---
And if he just looks out of that window, he'll see everything we're doing.
Well, sir, Plan-R is an emergency plan to be used by lower echelon commanders if higher echelons have been knocked out by a sneak attack.
Yeah, to see if we're on our toes.
Second weapon to be used if first malfunctions
Hell, I know Air Command wouldn't have taken you if you weren't okay
I'd be mighty proud if you did, Lothar.
King, would you mind if I keep me hands on the wheel when you take her in?
Well, it would probably help if you took it ...sort of...straight down.
Would it matter if they hit at a flat angle
But how are we going to drop the bombs if the doors won't ---  Hey, King....you're not thinking of --- You don't mean you'd --- ???
Well, if they hit us first, they've probably fired off their missiles and got their planes off the ground already
Well, if there's a war, they must have hit us first.
When they emerge, a good deal of present real estate and machine tools will still be recoverable, if they are moth-balled in advance
A quick survey would have to be made of all the suitable minesites in the country, but I shouldn't be surprised if several hundred thousand of our people could be accomodatedd
You know, like, like, I would always think, uh, you know, what if I make the wrong move
Nobody's really different, even if they think they're different. "Oh, boy, look at my tattoo, you know?" And see, that's what makes me freak
He's just part of the machine, and if you think about it, freedom's all that there really is.
I mean, that would suck if you had to go back to rehab.
Well, uh, I gotta go, but, uh, listen, if I don't come back, I'll send a video of me surfing
Danny said if I can capture the reality of Burnfield, it'd make a great tape.
Oh, I'll teach you how to surf even if you don't get the gig.
Hey, um, so, um, listen, man, I got to go show the tape to Danny at the hotel, and if I get the gig, Erica is gonna teach me how to surf in L.A.
Um, if you're talking to me, could you make some sense? 'Cause I don't speak Swahili.
Hey, w-why don't you see if he's hiring, you know
Go see for yourself, if you got the guts.
Jeff, Jeff, if you want to be alone with Pony, you know, that's, that's fine with us.
Because maybe if we know each other's names, things wouldn't get like this, My name's Jeff.
I'm not gonna go if you don't come.
Pony, if we wanted to hear you sing, we would've gone to your concert!
Yeah, but that doesn't mean that your tree is not artistic if no one cuts it down.
I could go to New York if I wanted to, but what's the point
Believe me, if I thought something really bad was going to happen, I would've done something.
Well, if you love him so much, why didn't you go see him play?
Do you mind if we pull over really quickly?
I come out here and I'm, so used to everyone, you know, kissing my ass and I think I'm a fucking star, man, and I'm really sorry if I'm full of attitude
Well, if we're, like, the man invisible, what are you?
I'm gonna go over to Scuff's and see if he's got his truck
Listen, if she dies, you're gonna be so sorry that you ever showed your brown face in this town!
You know I'm really sorry if I, if I said something wrong
Hey, man, uh, look, if you don't like my stuff, uh, I won't sing it, okay
No, see, Neil, if you're fucking with one of my friends, then you're fucking with me.
Now, if you guys were really friends, you'd remind her to take these.
Well, if I had to guess..
Now, if you're interested in giving us a home loan, I will sit back down
And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money
Would you believe me if I said I had to be with a sick friend?
Now may I suggest that if we're ever to finish this story you keep at least two feet away from me ..
Look, if you don't mind, I haven't got time to listen to the whole plot ...
See if they make sense
Just so you don't think I'm a complete swine -- if there's anything in Dark Windows you can use, take it
Sorry if I crossed you up.
Now if I got you correctly, there was a short stretch of my fiction you found worthy of notice.
And if you hadn't been pretty darned interested in that script, he wouldn't have tried to get me on the phone ten times.
Nothing would thrill me more -- if it were possible.
Oh.  sure -- if it would make a good scene.
You can have anything you want if you'll only stay
Nothing, if you work in a fill- ing station
It seemed like a good idea -- if we are to work together.
Gillis, if you please.
Now if Dewey had been elected -
Not even if you were a relative.
Everything has meaning, if you can read the signs.
I'll die if I can't spend the rest of my life just looking at you, holding you in my arms...
I can't help it if men notice me.
I mean, it would probably be there, if you received it.
I was just thinking, if I had your skin problems, I'd use a good tannisroot ointment
No, it wouldn't work, you couldn't, it's too--- if it didn't work you'd be swept into a singularity--- no, you'd never make it
But if you wouldn't mind settling for me --
Gus, if there's anything I hate, it's greed.
See, if y'all don't want them to trace it back, you got to punch this in from someplace nobody'd ever think off
But if somebody re-programmed it, it could do much more.
Especially if you'd be a really terrific guy and bring me a cheeseburger to go --
I guess it would be all right if -  Lois, now that you know me, I think you ought to know it all.. "What's happening." Oh, is that the understatement of the year
I mean, if you fooled me, and I am nobody's fool --
Look, would you mind if I gave you some constructive criticism?
You no longer can serve humanity if you invest your time and emotion in one of them at the expense of the rest
Oh Magnificent one, he's just one, but you are three, or four even, if you count him twice.
And if it weren't for him, I wouldn't have met you.
Now if you could . . .
I'll kneel before you if it will save lives.
We have not the choice to refuse, have we, if we believe it is a real hydrogen bomb that they have.
Maybe if you'd have met who I am now, instead of the spoiled brat you met a few weeks ago, it would have been different between us.
It's her father's grey matter that's weakened if you ask me
I'll take care of it if you want, Lois.
Gentlemen, if all goes to plan Nuclear Man will return from the sun with power awesome enough to do what none before him has ever been able to . . . pierce Superman's skin
You help me place it on one of your missiles and I promise you . . . if Superman throws it into the sun, he'll get the biggest surprise of his life
No, If you'll join forces with me, together we can make the world safe for war profits again.
But what good is a vow if everything gets blown away
I know I'm not exactly a Girl Scout but . . . maybe if I show him I'm trying . . . he'll like me.
While I was recuperating I had time to figure out that if your foul creature was born from the sun, it must have been his source of energy.
Luthor, I suspect if you had actually planted a bomb you'd be far away from here by now.
A body's got to be humble even if he knows that he's better'n his neighbors.
Clark Kent, if you had only seen it the way I did, you -
I'm just thinking that you smoke too much, if you don't mind my saying so.
What if he doesn't show up
What if he's taking a nap?
But if I put my leg out like Claudette Clobert in  --
Because if it is, you are about to experience the heady thrill of being hurled from a moving vehicle.
And if I don't obey?
Well - gotta change that tire if were gonna get home.
Furthermore, if you will reveal yourself, your enemies will have a way of getting at you where you are vulnerable: by hurting the people you care for
I'd appreciate it if you didn't smoke.
Actually, he's a bit dull, if you know what I mean.
I mean if the good lord wanted people to fly he would have given them wings.
And there's a strong streak of goody- goody in him that is going to blow this deal for me if I don't do something about it
So that if I could have activated the launch  -- well, Lex Luthor would've hit the spot
Well...  ...call me a fool, but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point --  --  that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.'  Ah, it would've been so nice, y'know...
Your case as an individual will be stronger if I'm allowed to represent you together as a group.
Mitchell Stephens, Esquire, would you be likely to sue me if I was to beat you right now
She would've given you all this if she'd outgrown it, or...
I'll help pay for Nicole, if that's what you're really talking about
If that bastard does subpoena me, if he forces me to go over this again, then all those other lawyers will line up behind him and try and do the same thing.
Wendell can smell if someone's been smoking.
Driscoll, if Billy Ansel does not volunteer to say so in court, I will subpoena him and oblige him to testify to that effect.
And if that's true, that I was over the limit when the bus went over, what would happen then?
I didn't ask if you wanted milk.
Would it be alright if I sit down for a few minutes, Mrs
Well, if he knew magic - if he could get the kids into the mountain - why couldn't he use his pipe to make the people pay him for getting rid of the rats?
It would be strange if you didn't feel that way.
I'm not sure if that will leave much on the plate.
He's sure that the accident could have been avoided if they had done their jobs right
My whole interest, if it's not too late, is in Susie...and how to undo what you've done to her...
He wouldn't be much of a man if he didn't understand my concern
It's just as if I've seen a ghost today...
But they still don't know if she was pushed.
And if the Leslie boy is still a squooshy item in your life, forget it! - your brother arranged that one, too
I'd like it fine if you found another home
Sure you can if you want to, and I know you'll want to..
Then maybe you can tell me if he's as solid as you say, why does he rap me every chance he gets?
Correct me if I'm wrong - WE
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think so...
You want something done, J.J., but I doubt if you yourself know what's involved.
Who put this item in about the comic?  "If there's a more hilarious funny man around than Herbie Temple at the Palace, you'll have to pardon us for not catching the name
So what'll you do if I feel nervous
Sidney, please, dear, if you feel nervous...
And if you mail the enclosed card within ten days --
J.J., if you think -
I could almost forgive you if what you did to Steve came from jealousy and love...
He was laying down the conditions under which he MIGHT consent to our marriage - if I would bend to every whim of his, like Sidney
But what a world it would be if we were all afraid to learn to walk and talk because it might offend poppa
But I wouldn't give him a second thought if not for you.
Yeah, or "later, dickwad."  Or if someone gets upset you say "chill out."  Like that
It someone comes off to you with an attitude, you say "eat me"... if you wanna shine them on, it's "Hasta la vista, baby".
Look, Mom, if I'm supposed to ever be this great leader, you should start listening to my leadership ideas once in a while.  'Cause if you won't, nobody else will.
You said I could be transferred to the minimum security wing and have visitors if I showed improvement in six months
And you can only get an orchestra if you have contact with the power
What if they surround the space with barbed wire, Colonel?
Why, if people had no idea?
Let me show you something and then if you want to leave, you can leave, please please
And Goebbels and Goering keep saying to you, 'If you don't do it, little K will.' Never mind art and politics and symbols and airy-fairy bullshit about liberty, humanity and justice because I don't care how great you are
But if you really want to get Furtwngler, ask him about Herbert von Karajan.
I don't know if it's true or not... but ask him about von der Null.
Or d'you mind if I just call you 'one'?
Not here, Major, there are people, if anybody should see... please, please, Major...
But let me see if you can help me with something I just don't understand
Do you think you can get here on time if I put you on the floor as a waitress?
So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that...it's Friday night for crissakes.
Sarah, if I get zeroed...
But, if I leave without your signature, this agreement begins to disintegrate; benefits shrink, options narrow, compensations shrivel.
You tell them if they don't come now, I will shoot you!
It might be best if we didn't talk.
Do you mind if I sit?
Well, don't you think if I'd known..
They're nothing if they're not that.
We'll help with the police, if you want to bother
It would mean a lot to me... if you and I could be friends
Of course you can have it if you need it
And if nothing's lacking?
Well... send my love, if you see him again.
Because, if you don't know about society, you don't have the satisfaction of avoiding it.
They can stay up talking another 45 minutes if they want, but I gotta try to get some sleep.
But if the group knows it's being studied as a group, you contaminate the results
Elementary school classrooms near train tracks or airports, where loud noise is random; this helps to prove the need for sound insulation if the children are ever going to learn to read.
Nothing, if you leave right now
Even if they're tormenting me, someone wants me
So there won't be anyone around if you need help
Deep down, if you really thought it wasn't Jim, why wouldn't you be leaving right this second
I told your father, if you're looking for a name, you can't go wrong with a constellation.
If he was into something, if she was involved -- who can say
Ten year old.  "If you're naughty, Dad, I'll tell on ya."  She didn't want me sent down again, see
He couldn't find his prick if he didn't wear Y-fronts.
You mean if they'd nabbed you before you actually broke and entered you would only have been charged with making a mess.
Not the direction she'd have gone if she'd been coming to see me
She called me, asked if she could come over
Well, I reckoned, Saturday night, if you were goin' out, you'd probably have to come home first.
But if you're mad at him too and he's mad at you ... that must make us pals.
Both if we're lucky.
I would've handed it to her if she wanted
I do appreciate the interest you've taken, though.. ...Uh-huh.. ...I'm not certain I'll have a career at all, and if I do, I'll probably be a veterinarian.
However, the music, if you want to pursue it, well, the lessons from Mrs Swan, they'll only take you so far
I guess, if nobody noticed, it's OK
Pretty straightforward, but I don't know if you wanna show this stuff to a lawyer--
Disappear if you want, check in whenever you like--I want the dough; I don't take attendance.
I'd understand if you'd walked in here
But if *I* were the man, I'd want to be told.
What if I could get the money?. ...Well, he got his mistrial, but the well had run dry
But the point is that if Mr Prosecutor over there had devoted half the time he's spent persecuting *this* woman to even the most cursory investigation of this schmoe's past, then we might *know* who
Any questions give me a ring-- Turandot suite; if I'm out leave a message
In addition to my retainer, you're paying hotel, living expenses, secretarial, private eye if we need to make inquiries, headshrinker should we go that way
We'll talk about appeals if, as and when
I mean, if you're really serious
It would be best if he waited here.
Don't know if it'll do any good, Mr
If this entire thing is run by computer, what happens if the power fails?
That's great if you're stopping a burglar
Mind if I have a look?
What if John was right
What if Whittlesley arrived on the tepui and no monster was there
He was curious from birth - premature by two weeks, as if he couldn't wait to get started.
Think about it, Truman, if everybody's in on it, I'd have to be in on it too
Truman, if this is another one of your fantasies...
I'm telling you, if it wasn't him, it was his twin
Tyrone, what if I said I didn't want meatball today?
And if it's unsuccessful?
You want a call if we turn up Kurtzweil?
You'd be shit out of luck if not for me
Well, if you've got something to tell me, you've got as long as it takes me to hail a cab...
I don't know if I can
That's the first question to answer, if we're going to find them.
The bone was porous, as if the virus of the causative microbe were digesting it.
But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
Maybe you should ask yourself if your heart's still in it, too.
And now, if I were to be transferred to Omaha, or Wichita or some field office where I'm sure I could rise, it just doesn't hold the interest for me it once did
If we don't act in accordance with that data -- if you ignore it as we have done -- the chances are great that if here actually is a bomb we might not find it
She's in there right now saying the same thing about you.. -- if they want someone to blame, they can blame me
Agent Scully doesn't deserve this.. -- if it looks bad, it's bad for the FBI --
Agent Mulder -- we both know that if you and Agent Scully hadn't taken the initiative to search the adjacent building, you could have multiplied the fatalities by a hundred --
And if it doesn't
All our work... if it's true, then they've been using us all along
And if that happened, the trust he has in you is gone.
What if he wasn't like this
What if he was "normal?"  Conscious
It would take hours to re-route the system, and even if I did, I shouldn't.
Normally, we'd Mirandize him, and if he didn't lawyer up, we'd interrogate him
But if we push our luck
You talk about him as if he had occasional bad manners.. ...and my lover
Well, if I do find out something, can I look you up again?
I wondered about it a hundred times, if it really was an accident.. ...at all.
I'll do what I can, if she'll let me.
Do you mind if I drop off somewhere on the way
Do you mind if I use that line in my next Western
Martins, if you'd agree to be our guest, we'd be delighted to have you.
So if you could be quiet -
Look, I'm sorry to bother you but I was wondering if you could help me out.
It would be nice though, if there was a place like that
He said if we lent him money h would tell us about a secret beach.
But if we dont try then we'll never know.
Etienne will be angry if I wake him
And you, if you had come out of Egypt, you would have been destroyed in the desert with those who worshipped the Golden Calf.
Once Abraham raised the knife, in his heart it was as if he'd killed him
But, Danny, if HaShem is everything, and we are nothing how are we to judge His actions?
Billings, if Hitler didn't kill six million, why is he your hero?..
Look, I'll give you five grand if you can document your tax-exempt status...
But what if...what if... submitting...being crushed, being nothing, not mattering, what if that's the best feeling we can have?
As if one little scrap of this was going to completely contaminate that.
But if the Jews are strengthened by hate, wouldn't this "destruction" you speak of -- by love or by any other means -- in fact make them more powerful than they are already?
Why are you writing this down if you're recording it?
Is it okay if I record this?
All right, what if all along you were actually infiltrating the Nazis -- to expose them....
Lina, you said if I was going to plant a bomb, I should --
I'm not here to talk about religious law, if you don't like --
Even if you knew them all, there'd be another fifty you didn't know.
It'll be enough if we use it right
What would you have done if they were killing your son?
But if alternating current's running through the wires every second of every day, and I throw a switch, send it here instead of there, how is that lighting a fire?
And if you insist on blowing up a synagogue, make it that big one on Fifth Avenue, would you?
Look, if you want to kill Jews on your free time, fine
Maybe, if Jacques will let me fix up the place a little.
But if you were to dock my salary, say, twenty dollars a week, in a few hundred years we'd be even... and I think this is where you fire me?
Listen, if you really want to die, that's your problem, but don't do it under my nose, okay?. ..
Today at lunch, you asked me if I had any questions.. ..
God, she'll kill me...  ... if she catches me eating pasta in a restaurant.
You don't mind if I go instead, do you?
Well, if it isn't the little Frenchman
Intravenous if possible.
Why did you take me to the hotel, if you live here.
And if we repaint the walls, we'll need new curtains, you put the painters on you Visa and I'll do the curtains on American Express... for the couch there's Bloomingdales...  or are you still over your limit?
I'd try English if I were you.
See if they've got the 411 on Santa's location
I guess I could be chalant about it, but then again I'm not even sure if that's a word
I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai.
Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile
I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me.
The alarm will trigger if the system detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies inside the building
For example, if you were to dribble a basketball, or eat watermelon, or use the word dawg...that is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the letter o...within the confines of this workshop, the alarm would sound.
Not if I can help it
Why not -- if you like it - if that's what you really want.
And for what was I born if it wasn't for money
And if you've got cold feet honey, Ill take over for you
Particularly if he were a clever men
I'm sure if you are as talented as you are charming, Miss Walker, you have nothing to worry about.
I haven't done any posse work since last time I rode with Toni Mix at the old Bijou Theatre -- aged six, If you're interested,
Dial O-O-O on the telephone if you change your mind about the drink, sir.
You wouldnt recall if the brothers-in-law left together, would you?
Id hoped to have a private word with Adonis, but if thats the way you want it.
Wed both be killed if Friedman ever found out you were working for us, he said
Surely, youd have divorced him if he disgusted you?
Still, say what youre owed if you still wish to be paid or get out, all right?
Could the boy perhaps come in useful when and if the day ever comes for you to face up to the man you married?
Besides, if you do turn out to be nothing but a cheap little extortioner, we could always get the right people onto you
I wont comment on the time but youll understand if I dont tell you to sit down
He wont turn you in if I ask him not to
Call from the motel and tell him if he moves fast enough there might be something left of a body dissolving in acid
And if it comes to it, tell the cops anything you think will make them move
Theres some cold chicken salad in the fridge if youre hungry.
But if I do, it wont be for a couple of hours.
Next time he calls tell Mr Gluck he better be there to take his calls at 9 tonight or at 9 in the morning if he cares about his puppies
Id appreciate it if you could do this for me
Just ask if they can recall recommending my services to anyone in the recent past
Deborah will be here if you need anything before our return.
So as you see, I did not have to break the law to find out if he used the account.
You wouldnt be here if I knew, Mr Lombard
What if it is?
May I ask if you are Jewish, Mr Lombard?
Tell me if this is Friedman, where he is in Los Angeles and what name hes using?
He might still possibly survive if attended to soon
We need a double-room and as I understand youre here alone wed be much obliged if youd agree to move to a single room...
Could you tell me if Leon Spitz is here, please?
My number if anything happens
I just called to ask if I could stay with him next time Im in London
But if I had one, I wouldnt let you near it
Id appreciate it if I could use your phone.
But you might as well know Id have let you fry to a buzzard meal if not for this...
Dignified, honorable, wise... what more could we ask of a king?. ... if she can find me? -- That's a brilliant idea
If she's really been sent by God she'll discover the trap, and if she's an assassin she'll kill the wrong man
Get back inside the town and see if the English are attacking from the other side!
And if he wants me to die... if he wants me back... then that's fine too
Don't go... even if you don't want to marry me.
I will ask my voices... if they come back one day
I promise to rest if you promise... to go back to the battle.
We're worse off then if she'd never come at all!  ... now do as I say and Sound the Retreat!
Are you saying that if you had not been carrying your banner you'd have killed more people?
But if this trial seems fixed, I fear you'll have the very opposite result to the one you want...
I understand your impatience, but if you want this trial to be acknowledged as legal we must follow correct procedure and...
Sign this, and I will confess you myself if you want.
Take heed of this charitable admonition, for if you persist in refusing our help, then we shall have no choice but to abandon you to the secular powers, and I think you know well enough the punishment that would await you
I will willingly swear to tell you what I am allowed to tell you, but as to the rest, even if you threaten to cut off my head, I still won't tell you.
It'll take you less than five minutes to expose her if she's a fake
But if she's not -- then she will give you your answers... and place the crown on your head.
I know how painful it is for you... to have loved a father... without ever knowing if he really was yours.
I don't need lodgings if we're to be marching on Orleans...
I can see her if I want to
We know nothing about her... we don't even know if she is from Lorraine.
But if the devil were to take on the physical appearance of a saint or an angel... or a man... how would you recognize him
Jeanne, put yourself in my shoes for a moment -- how would you feel, if you were me?
The Tourelles is virtually impregnable... besides, if we're on the other side of the river attacking the Tourelles, what's to stop Talbot attacking the city from the north?
Fine -- go now if you want, but not with me
So right now I'm going to take the food back to the city, and if you can please calm down, and let me accompany you to Orleans, it will be my honor to welcome you.
Because if they don't, I'll raise such a war-cry against them that they will remember us forever!
Jeanne, if you don't mind..
I swear I'll never swear again in my life if you save her life
But I'm warning you, if you let her die, then you're the biggest...
They will -- and so will you if you go on swearing like that.
And now you tell me why God let all these battles happen in the first place... if he's so powerful... he said he's "the creator of heaven and earth, the source of all life..." he could have easily stopped all this blood and misery
Do you mind if I stay... on the side
You know what He'd say to you, if He was here?  "What are you doing to me, Jeanne?"
If you were true to yourself... if your faith was firm, you wouldn't need to run away from yourself like this...
WHO ARE YOU TO DECIDE IF YOU SHOULD LIVE OR DIE?
Jeanne -- if we were to ask forgiveness all the time, we'd spend our whole life in church.
Very appropriate.. 'If you prick us, do we not bleed
And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?'
Ask them if they'd help me get out of here?
He is quite altered, as if they had been trying some native witchcraft on him
She tore off a chunk of lace. if hadn't been there I'd have sworn she'd used her teeth
I'm wondering if she's not brain affected.
What would you think if someone played a kitchen table like it were a piano?
I cannot afford the piano if you mean me to pay.
Tell him if he ever tries to see her again I'll take off another and another and another!
But I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
Maybe I could help ya if ya told me his name.
All right if I look around your lobby?
That little mug that got ya is mad enough at me already -- what if he's out there waitin' around a corner with some friends.
I got a hundred bucks for you and your friend if you deliver the money for me.
Okay, Twist, but you know if this blows up, I can't do ya no good downtown
I wouldn't turn ya out if ya weren't ready
And I'm tellin' ya now, you're a fool if you don't get into it
You ain't gonna have nothin' if you don't lay off them games of chance
Take a good look at that face, Floyd, cause if he ever finds out we let one lousy grifter beat us, you'll have to kill him and every other hood in Chicago who'd like to do the same thing
Where am I gonna be if he gets hit?
I wouldn't have asked ya if it weren't for Luther.
No sense in bein' a grifter if it's the same as bein' a citizen.
Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet
There ain't a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blows on ya.
Nobody can buy you a prayer, if I put the finger on ya.
Migth even help ya finance the big play if this one works out.
Twenty per cent of that is yours if ya stick with us.
Tomorrow at 12:30, if you're interested.
And if the board starts to go soft, we'll let ya out in the yard some night with a hard-nose young bull who'll put fifty slugs in your face and ask what you were doin' there later.
We'll get it, and if we can't, we'll just make it up
Not if you want me to keep makin' 'em for ya.
Yeh, and what if we play tomorrow and he doesn't come up with the money
I could come up with 750 grand in a day if I had a reason to.
Mind if I look around?
And if it isn't?
That is, if it's all right with you.
Do you mind if I come down and see it?
He says it looks as if the girl's hand had been forced open after she was killed....
Gee, it'd serve me right if you had pinched me...  that's the afternoon I was.... wait, I'll show you...!
Maybe if you quit running around after other women you wouldn't have so much trouble with this one.
What if I did take them
Would it help any if I could persuade him to meet you?
But what if you need more money?
What'll I do if something comes up?
I should have known if it weren't his voice.
I thought if you got on the case, you'd be able to clear him
I wanted to find out if you were er - er -  --sleuthing for her.
Mimi was cut off, wasn't she, if she re-married?
You're getting a good price for saying you saw Wynant and you figure you won't get anything if he's dead.
I'd tell you if I knew
I don't care - I'm just used to you, that's all --  If you let anything happen to him, you'll never wag that tail again!
Say it as if you meant it.
Go on - go on - see if I care
You talk as if I were Asta.
He wouldn't ask you to handle it if he were guilty.
I'll give you your Christmas present now if you'll give me mine.
It wouldn't hurt you to find out if you could, would it?
Maybe it would if I took it.
Nothing, 'til I find out if it's the gun Julia Wolf was killed with
I wonder if they've --  I don't want to hear anything about it.
What if I do?
Would have slit our throats if he had the chance.
Would have slit our throats if I hadn't stopped him.
What if we get separated
Way I see it if something happens I want to be carrying my share.
What if it's a Valloro 69
But if we do it, we do it right
So I say if maybe there's something out there, what the hell, that's what I say.
You don't even know if there's anything out there
Believe me; if I had a minute to catch my breath I might have played things the way you and Wes had
What if the car doesn't stop?
What if it hadn't been Wes
What if...I mean, accidently, what if I had...
I rigged it to blow if anyone opened the pack
Maybe...maybe if we traded them the gold
Even if that wasn't an Iraqi soldier it's only a matter of time before some show up
That's if the war is even still going on
Even if they are Iraqis probably all they'll do is take us prisoner for awhile
What if they're not Saudi.
Is it all right if I stand up?
What if he's not?
What's to stop him if he wanted to
Right now I wouldn't be surprised if Eartha Kitt showed up singing Send In The Clowns.
I figured if you knew one of the reserves got hit you'd want to turn back.
But I'm saying, if they knew
I'm just thinking, you know, if the rest of the boys knew what we're doing
I mean if they knew what we were coming back with.
Or even if they know we're Americans they might get scared, think we're part of a detachment and keep on going.
Wellllll, if you read it it must be true
It's almost as if they were Iraqi spies, or something
And if we ran into any more Iraqis you know he'd sell us out.
Probably would've too if Epps wasn't around to stop you.
You're insane if you think you'll find anything, and sure insane if you think you can get us there and back alive.
Now if you'll excuse me, soldier, I'd like to get back to my box
Why would they do all that if we weren't?
I don't care if there's a lump of coal in here
Even if they do get out of Kuwait we ought to kick their asses.
See if you can get a reading on tactal retention
They'll come for me right away if I'm not there
It seems I am destined to endure many frustrations....but at the same time I am secure in the knowledge that the thrust of my studies has been in the right direction, and that even if it remains incomplete, my search has not been in vain.
It may seem ridiculous to the untrained mind, but if you were able to interpret the calculations you would see that an apparent paradox is actually a perfect and elegant system in concept and design.
I feel as if something odd were happening to me
Take a tip from the Bomb Boys, always assess, if only for a second.
Except they'll blow you up if you don't play along.
T.J., run a trace on this, see if you can pin down where it came from
We're a bit busy at the moment, I'll give you a statement in a few minutes if we're still alive.
But if you're so gung-ho, we'd best call it in for some back-up.
So I said to myself, "All right, if he wants to look at them, let him look at them
The representative of the police wants to know if there is anything wrong with your tonsils.
And I was only asking you if you would let me examine your report without interruption.
I was only asking if you are related to the Lavals of Marseilles.
I wouldn't fall for another man if he were the biggest crook on earth ..
But tomorrow morning, if you should wake out of your dreams and hear a knock, and the door opens, and there, instead of a maid with a breakfast tray, stands a policeman with a warrant--then you'll be glad you're alone.
What would you say if you found your safe had been robbed?
What would you do if you were my <u>secretary</u>?
Madame Colet, if I were your father--  which, fortunately, I am not--
You see, if you read my advertisement carefully, you must have noticed that there was ...
I wanted to ask her to ask you if you'd be good enough to go out to dinner with me tonight.
It would be too bad if your fingerprints were found ...
I'll do my best, madame, even if I have to work every night.
Now, if you could take over some of his work--
Honestly, Cal, if you weren't forever booking everything at the last instant, we could have gone through the terminal instead of running along the dock like some squalid immigrant family.
Well if that's what it takes for us two to get warm, I'd rather not, if it's all the same.
The suction will pull us right down if we don't keep going.
Of course I leave it to your good offices to decide what's best, but what a glorious end to your last crossing if we get into New York Tuesday night and surprise them all
See if you can find a key for these
They've got you in a glass jar like some butterfly, and you're goin' to die if you don't break out
Say we'll go there, sometime... to that pier... even if we only ever just talk about it.
And wake me, of course, if anything becomes in the slightest degree doubtful.
Where I come from --out in Montana--we have some pretty women, but I guess if you walked down Main Street they'd turn out the fire brigade.
You're a little ahead of yourself--the usual routine would be for you to propose, and if I accept, then you'd give me an engagement ring--
Yes--is it all right if I come like this?
If you're looking for romance--count me out--  --if you know what's good for you.
I'd jump overboard if it'd help you.
You're forgiven if you don't make dates with anybody except me for the rest of the voyage.
Well, if that's the case, you're sure of winning the first couple of hands--But what about after that?
Pleasure first if it don't interfere with business.
Why <U>didn't</U> I think of that?--I am going to scout around and see if I can find her.
Now if I'd taken that bracelet, I'd find some way to slip it back--I'd know I could never get ashore with it.
You know what I'd do, if I were you--before the card game I'd go to the Purser's office.
This is exciting--but if it's been stolen they can't get away with it on a ship--
Well, that's something--even if only the fish can see it.
Let's see if I can bring it back to life.
Even if you'd gotten away without me --I'd have found you--no matter where you were.
And if you liked the person, you'd naturally persuade him to give it back and go straight, wouldn't you?
I mean if you knew it were stolen.
What would you do if anybody gave you a bracelet?
I mean--a lot of gentlemen would be offended if you searched them like that.. "Smooth's" the word.
You know, Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend I Don't think I could bear it.
That is if you don't Mind
You Wouldn't know a normal life if it Bit you in the ass.
I Literally don't care if I live or Die
And what would you do if "she" walked in her right now
Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
I don't know if He's gonna make it.
I don't Laugh all day long like an idiot, If that's what you mean.
Earp if you Prefer.
Yeah, kinda, wanted to see if you'd join back up with us.
Sorry If I made a worse mess for you.
They'll be Less apt to get nervy if they see Him on the street howitzer.
Not If there's money in it.
Let's you and me Take a walk around town, Virge, See if we can scout us out a Couple of nice lots.
I wonder if it runs in the family.
Not if you kill us first - unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy.
I don't know if you'd call it a boat...
I wonder if you handle your liquor more carefully than you handle your boat.
But if Elliot Harmsway is involved with that uranium, I want him prosecuted to the ends of the earth.
Why don't you and the Colonel exchange numbers if you need more information?
I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home.
I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house.
I told her I would if she would give me time.
But if there is a way...
I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property.
You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean.
Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom
Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness
When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me.
Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game
Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home
I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it
Is it okay if I take a bath now?
I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm
Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you
Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother
Only if you are a good man, a friend
Only if you can spare it.
No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight
I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick.
What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush?
I don't know if we could take one in with Rhonda and me at home alone at times.
If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on
When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X.
They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.
Now you don't have to say anything if you don't want to.
But what if we leave them behind?
Yeah, and if anyone attacks us we can blink 'em to death.
Well, if YOU hadn't shown up in your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me --
But what if Andy gets another dinosaur
Oh...well alright, you can be red if you want.
I won't do it because he wants me to do it, even if I want to do it.
Do you know you've lovely hair, even if you torment it in those braids.
Even if that were true, they're not going to come to your house where you're waiting for them.
Sometimes I wonder what I'll do if Carl doesn't get out
Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you
Helena, if I had it I would give it to you, but I don't have that kind of money.
I have a right to know if my husband is a legitimate businessman.
Continue your life as if nothing has happened
Carl, think about it, if I was trying to rip you off, I would have left town after Ruiz was killed
I mean, what would you have done if you had been us?
Or if you're coming back.
What if every country legalized at the same time?
You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you --
Only if he can be trusted.
Let me ask you a hypothetical question: if Salazar worked for Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and he went out of power, would it mean the Juarez Cartel is losing influence?
At least a half-dozen of those cars right out there are carrying a load of dope, with drivers employed by people who don't give a damn if they're caught or not.
I see where you're going with that, but if I could just say something, which is basically that a guy like Landry is so autocratic he doesn't know how to let himself be helped; it's a point of pride to take every bullet, no matter who fired it, or whether it was even aimed at him, which personally I think it very self-defeating
In the next few weeks, if you allow me, we'll get you well-versed on an incredible array of issues
I wouldn't mind a bit, if it is.
The truth is that you're a quite, sensitive type but if I'm prepared to take a chance I might just get to know the inner you: witty, adventurous, passionate, loving, loyal, a little bit crazy, a little bit bad, but, hey, don't us girls just love that?
I'll come back if you like, but I'm not promising anything.
A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre.
Well, Christ, if I'd known you were going to get so humpty about it, I wouldn't have bothered
And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow.
See, out there you can live like a king if you've got white skin and a few crisp tenners in your pocket
I don't know if it's... normal.
Your orders are to proceed to Nimbus III, assess the situation and avoid a confrontation if possible
I feel as if a weight has been lifted from my heart
Even if we could lock onto the hostages, we couldn't beam them up.
We'll beat those Klingon devils even if I have to get out and push.
Doctor, if you please.
Spock, I appreciate your concern, but if you don't stop distracting me, I'm liable to be one...
But if we do, will that convince you that my vision was true?
However, if you surrender now-
Boy, if we were inside, I know how to forge us a Group 6 access...
Not if my Tron program was running
I would if I could find it. it's stashed somewhere off in the system ... out of my range
Ed, all I'm saying is - if our own people can't get access to their programs ... you know how frustrating it is, when you're working on a piece of research -
They'd close it down if they dared to but they keep me around, in case one of them wants to deal with the other world once in a while
You just keep doin' what it looks like you're supposed to, even if it seems crazy, and you hope to hell your User knows what's goin' on.
But -- if you're a User -- then everything you've done has been part of a plan ...
It really gives you a great feeling, helping folks plan for their future needs -- and of course, if you look at the payments as an annuity, over the years, the cost is really
But-what if I can't...?
You'd tell me if there was something wrong, wouldn't you, pumpkin?
Of course, it would have been even more impressive if you actually knew where he was.
I'm just going to run in and see if she can get away for lunch.
Look, if you ask me everything twice, this is going to take a really long time
See if you can guess his specialty.
Call me, if you'd like to see some of my other pieces.
This is Persian, if I'm not mistaken.
We were the hit of the show with the new model ordering system, the one for the 680... how you can write up an order and the second the customer's name goes into the computer, it starts checking their credit, and if they've ordered anything in the past, and if they get a discount...
And if that wasn't enough, I got hurled the ball when I'm not looking
When I drove up there I said to myself, "If I can kill 'em and get away with it, I'll do it." I could
So, if he doesn't matter, which he doesn't, it would be stupid to lose your things, now wouldn't it?
So I just said, "Alabama, come clean, Let him know what's what, and if he tells you to go fuck yourself then go back to Drexl and fuck yourself."
But the boss let's you borrow some money if you need it
Then, out of nowhere, as if from thin air, this big giant bus appears, and the bus-driver says, "Get her in here."
Well, his name was Waldo, and no matter how grateful they were, even if I'da been a boy, they would't call me Waldo
I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it.
Now if a nigger wants to get his dick sucked he's got to do a bunch of fucked-up shit.
They couldn't give a flyin' fuck if all the pimps in the whole wide world took two in the back of the fuckin' head
See, if I asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an egg roll and started to chow down, I'd say to myself, "This motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world
Well, if we're not gonna do it, let's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here.
Yeah, well if we got lost, it's your ass
Now, if you want to sell a little bit at a time -
Ask him if he got the letter.
He's my silent partner and he knows if I get fucked up, I won't drop dime on him
Understand, if Dick didn't assure me you're good people I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business
You could, if you so desire, cut it a helluva lot more.
So, if you want, I'll put the gun on the table.
I need to know if we're in bed together, or not
And if you say no, don't worry about it
Could you find out if they know anythin'
But if you make a joke about this -  - I'm gonna go completely out of my fuckin' head!
Look, I don't know this is pretty heavy-duty, so if you wanna explode, feel free.
If they got Fosters, get that, if not, ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has
Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a foot run as well
In fact, I don't know if you know this or not, Sicilians were spawned by niggers.
Look, I'd help ya if I could, but I haven't seen Clarence -
Look, we don't care if you bring in the state milita, the volunteer fire department, the L.A
Now, remember, if you don't want to go to jail, we gotta put your boss in jail.
He's so spooked he'd turn over his momma, his daddy, his two-panny granny, and Anna and the King of Siam if he had anything on him.
We have it, and if I say we, I don't mean me and him, I'm referring to the whole department
That is, of course, if you don't catch Aids from all your anal intrusions.. 'Course you'll wanna fuck her in the ass
With that terrible mug of yours if Jayne Kennedy told you to eat her pussy, kiss her ass, lick her feet, chow on her shit, and suck her dog's dick, nigger, you'd aim to please.
If I ever did eat some pussy - I would never eat any pussy - but, if I did eat some pussy, I sure as hell wouldn't tell no goddamn body
Let's consider again our current information -- if the symptoms were first detected in Philadelphia on June 28, 1995, that makes us know that...?
James, if we're identified, they're going to send us someplace...but not to Key West!
It would be great if I'm crazy
It can be dealt with, but only if you want to
I want you to turn yourself in, James -- It'll go much better for you if you do -- but I'm not going to trick you.
When I was a kid I identified with that kid, down there alone in that pipe...a hundred feet down -- doesn't know if they're going to save him.
I don't want to hear this stuff.... "If something really happens"...like what, James?
And you said to me, "Wouldn't it be great if there was a germ or a virus that could wipe out mankind and leave the plants and animals just as they are?"  You do remember that, don't you?
Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread
But if you don't buy a lot of stuff, you know what
You could still be a hero if you'd cooperate!
Boyd thinks if you flip a coin ten times half the time it'll come up each side.
And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on her
Gotta run over to the yard and see if I can find a hose like this one, or close enough
He told me if I said a word he would kill me too.
John, if you don't throw me the keys, then I'll just walk away
I could if I had Jake's money.
I was crazy to come back here, I'm crazy for listening to anyone in this town, and I'd sure as hell be crazy if I spent another minute in this place.
So if the money's in a safe we'd have to get the combination--
I wouldn't blame you if you did
What happens if you lose?
Maybe, but if you didn't I think you would have kept on walking.
But if you kill me you're making a big mistake.
What difference does it make if I slept with her
And if it comes down to me or Grace, then I pick Grace
I'll kill Grace if you cut me in on the money.
How do you know if you've never tried?
McKenna, about your wife:  If I had known she was married--
But if you're not, I think I'll be on my way.
Toby Tyler, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child.
Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want.
If this Toby likes you, then if I were you I'd marry him
I'm doing what any man would do if he'd been offended
Now you listen to me you deadbeat, little punk:  I don't care if you got hit by a truck and run over by a steamroller
Vesci, if it weren't for bad luck I wouldn't have any at all
So, I was wondering if you could wire me a hundred fifty-dollars so I could get my car
But if you'll excuse me I'm going over to Harlin's to pick up my car
And I'm not going to be around long if that's what you're worried about.
I'm doing what any man would do if he'd been offended
There is a guy coming to kill me, and if it comes down to me or Grace, then I pick Grace
Tell her you don't care if she's married or not, you had to be with her
I'll kill Grace if you cut me in on the money.
How do you know if you've never tried?
Listen, McKenna about your wife:  If I had known she was married--
Toby Tucker, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child.
Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want.
If this Toby likes you, then if I were you I'd marry him
And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on it
When I was a kid, now I don't know if you can still see it, but I gashed my fingers in a lawnmower.
Gotta run over to the yard and see if I can find a hose like this one, or close enough
Sometimes I don't know if I want to love you...
Don't you think I would've done it if I wanted to
I could if I had Jake's money.
I wouldn't blame you if you did
Maybe, but if you didn't I think you would have kept on walking.
I'm not going to be around long if that's what you're worried about.
Now you listen to me you deadbeat little punk:  I don't care if you got hit by a truck and run over by a steamroller
Yeah, if you could send it care of...
I tell you, Mister...  if it weren't for bad luck I wouldn't have nay fuckin' luck at all, you know
So, I was wondering if you could wire me a hundred fifty-dollars so I could get my car out of this garage, see
Ask if he can check how many sick days I've taken since I've worked here?
Jeremy if you pull that trigger I'm going to leave
What do you do if something happens?
What if he wasn't aloud to kick and you were really mad at him?
I mean if you knew karate?
What if you only ate foods that were good for you and you worked out everyday for a year?
What if you worked out everyday for six months
I think it's be better if I was alone.
And if it wasn't that call, it would be a call telling me he blew out his knee or suffered his third concussion
Why if they was given over to wickedness in a regular way...
The kind of people who'll come after that thousand, they won't tolerate if you don't have it
But if you did, I can assure you, the sight of royalty would cause you to dismiss all thoughts of bloodshed and stand... in awe
Why, if you were to point a pistol at a King or a Queen, sir, I can assure you your hand would shake as though palsied...
You're a beautiful woman an'... if I was to want a free one, I guess I'd want you more than them others
Alice and Silky, they'll give you one... if you want.
Like if I was to hamstring one of their cow ponies.
He should have armed himself if he was gonna decorate his saloon with the body of my friend.
Well, Mister Hendershot, if I was to call you a no good sonofabitch an' a liar, an' if I was to say you shit in your pants on account of a cowardly soul... well, I guess then, you would show me your pistol right quick an' shoot me dead, ain't that so?
Wouldn't be no good if it wasn't
It ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow... an' if the sonofabitch is shootin' back at you... well, it'll unnerve most fellas
But... if he doesn't miss?
But if the other fellow is quicker and fires first...
Now if Corky would have really had two guns instead of just a big dick he could have defended himself to the end.
He said how you was really Three Fingered Jack out of Missouri... an' Bill said "Same Three Fingered Jack that dynamited the Rock Island and Pacific in '69 killin' women and children an' all?" An' Ned says you done a lot worse than that, said you was more cold blooded than William Bonney or Clay Alisson or the James Brothers an' how if he hurt Ned again you was gonna come an' kill him like you killed a U.S
I was watchin' you... seein' if you was followed.
Tell 'em half goes to Sally Two Trees if I ain't back in a week
Tell me right off if you see him.
Well, Uncle Pete said you was the goddamndest meanest sonofabitch ever lived an' if I ever wanted a partner for a killin', you was the worst one
Shit, Ned, if we're lucky, we could kill him by nightfall... or maybe tomorrow morning
But you wouldn't go if Claudia was alive.
Bill... if you was mad at 'em... if they done you wrong..
Only how... how if you didn't... didn't come back in a week...  how we was to take half the money to Sally an' say you was...
An' if I spot 'em?
He wouldn't of took no beating like that if it hadn't of jammed
This is never going to stop if we -
Even if one of us gets through and jacks the boat, we get nothing.
What if I
Not if we do it my way.
One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.
You don't work with me if I work with you without knowing who I'm working for
Call if you're interested.
Keyser Sate or not, if Keaton's alive he'll never come up again.
If it was a dope deal, where's the dope, if it was a hit, who called it in?
Even if I was to let you talk to him, he won't talk to you
And if they kill me, it's
If he's dead, Verbal - if what you say is true, then it won't matter
And even if I did, I certainly don't believe he would send you to protect her
You'll pardon me if I ask you to kiss my pucker
So what if I left out how I got there
I'11 feel safer without a job if a man like Mr
I will be very impressed to see if the District Attorney manages to bring in twenty-seven simultaneous counts of murder against one man with cerebral palsy
He recommends that we continue to respond as if we're going to trial.
But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission.. ...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anaesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.'  Is that what happened to Deborah  Ann Kaye
Do you mind if we walk while we talk?
I could subpoena him if I had a week.
Especially if you were unprepared.
You tell me if you're playing 'chicken,' or you mean it
Frank:  I don't think I'm talking out of school, but I just heard someone offer you two hundred grand...and that's a lot of money...and if I may say, you haven't got the best of records.
Not if you don't grow up...
You can't work if you can't think
What if it wasn't you that I came back to see?
You -- Listen:  you said to me, `if not now, when...'
As if by magic, charges against him are dropped, he's released from jail
And she said, "If lose me, you'll know that I loved you --
And if you lose me, you'll know that I loved you and wanted to go on loving you.
Would you know her if you saw her?
Well, yes, of course if you ask
I just thought if I gave you a drink and fed you some dinner, you'd be so grateful you'd take me to a movie.
Well, if it's absolutely necessary...
One idea that if you had fucking listened to, you would each be worth approximately 15 million dollars.
If my son doesn't know the six New England states, if he has trouble with geography, I won't stick it in his face
I will call the police right now if I don't start getting some answers.
And if you think you can fuck me, don't
Now if I'm the King of Israel and all these sand niggers are armed to the gills and you know it's just a matter of time ...right
Like if something happened to him, he could still get us.
Well if you do think about names..
And what if I already had it
What if it's gone
Well I don't have that skill and if I had to guess I would say that in no way did she believe me.
You disgust me... even if what you say is true.
If I'd come to see you more often, if I'd invited you here for holidays, maybe everything would be different.
On the other hand, if a stranger visited me simply to say hello, I'd be alarmed.
I know I don't need to offer you anything, but, if you're successful in this, I'll not forget you or your little girl.
I'd be really ungrateful, if I didn't like you, sir; you took me and my little girl in when I didn't know where to turn.
What can we do, if that's the way it happens?
You can come and live again in the big house if you want
I wasn't thinking of selling him, but if you want ..
When we're in the country, if he doesn't hunt he doesn't get fed.
And you, look after him as if he were a sick brother
I'll box your ears if you don't show some respect for the dead
Forgive me if I have offended you.
I have no desire to see the world again, but if you order me to...
You were supposed to act as if everything was real.
Not if you're with him every step of the way.
Don't forget, convict, if this psycho isn't stopped, you go right back to rotting in a prison cell.
Use the fucking army if you need to.
What happens if I can't catch him?
Do me one favor  if you shoot at anything, make sure I'm nowhere near it.
If I had died yesterday, you'd have already dissected my brain and analyzed it to see if I carry any genetic predisposition toward violence.
I wouldn't pull the trigger if I were you
I must make them very nervous if they let you out of prison
What if he's busy tonight?
What happens if he doesn't have his medication?
You wouldn't be here if it wasn't true
Well, keep your <u>wits</u> about you, and let's see if we can't...
What difference does it make if it's true
Don't you want to know if it's true?
Men, yes, and <u>women</u>, trained and pledged their <u>strength</u>, their <u>skills</u>, and, if called upon, their <u>lives</u>, in the service of their fellow Americans
Because, lookit:  I can get my hands on a lot of walking-around-cash, I think, if it's <u>Italy</u>...Look at the tie-in here:  <u>The</u> <u>Boot</u>, "Givvem the <u>Boot</u>,"..
Could if we had to
Cause that is the war of the <u>future</u>, and if you're not gearing up, to fight <u>that</u> war, <u>eventually</u> the axe will fall
And if there ain't no war, you can punch out, go home, and take up Oil Painting
But if forced to choose between the security of the country and the security of your Job, which would you pick
There <u>is</u> no B-2 Bomber:  here's what you do ahout that:  whoever is leaking stuff to that geek at the Post, lets it slip, "Geez, I hope this doesn't screw up the B-2 Program..." "What B-2 Program, and why should it screw it up?"  "If the president moves to deploy the B-2 before it is fully tested."  "Deploy the B-2, <u>Why</u>?"  "In the Crisis."
You would be, two, if you'd gone through what he went through.
Might, if I was asked...
Well, I'll be damned if I <u>know</u> ... you know... doing this <u>thing</u> ..
If you <u>help</u> ... if you <u>help</u>, a <u>hundred</u> bucks an hour.
But if you're the <u>producer</u> ... what did you do
Well, you  said it yourself, earlier, and if I may rephrase, that the success of the President, in the Polls...
Cause the beans, y'know, y'can tell if they're <u>puttin</u> stuff in it.
Tell those spineless toads we'll self-insure if they don't write it..
Look, I know you get approached a lot by dubious men, but I'm different, I never talk to strangers, all my life I've been waiting for the right person to walk across the room... you're that person, you don't know it but I do and if you walk away now I'll never see you again or you me
Buddy boy, how ya doing?. ...not that you learned anything, Chunk.. ...takes years of genetics, pal, and a Yale education... and the right tailor.. ...if I had your looks, better.. ...still looking for the right 18 year old wife, how you doing, pal?. ...hey Chuckie, how's the woman- slayer?
I know that if he could only hear what I have to say... it would change his life.
Boy, if that's what you think, I must've really screwed up my job as a father.
What if they call him?
What if he asks where I got the money?
I'll park some money in your account and if it hits, you get a big cut
I'd jump all over it if I were you.
And the thing is no one gets hurt...how bout a beer?. ...and if I did, what's in it for moi?
And if this deal goes through, we all gain.
It's 43% of Bluestar's operating budget, the hourly cost of a flight crew is $850 an hour, that's the real hidden value G.G., if you can negotiate that out, get a crew down to $350-400 an hour a run, this airline is gonna be the hottest thing since Texas Air...
Just let the money circle the world, sport, buying and selling, and if you're smart it comes back paying
You're learning, sport.... "All warfare is based on deception..." Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight... if not, split and reevaluate.
Wake up pal, if you're not inside you're outside
Stop me if I'm going too far.
Only if I want something bad enough.
What if I have a previous engagement?
Well, if you're that good, you could probably do wonders at my place.
I don't know if I would have used that tea dipped linen for the upholstery - too dingy
Well, I guess you can kiss that career as an art appraiser goodbye, because we paid over four hundred thousand for it at the contemporary picture sale last June.. ...few thousand dollars down the drain if you ask me.
You got something for the small fry.... ...that "scum" built this company up from one plane in thirty years, they made something out of nothing, and if that's a scum I'll take one over a rat any day...
Fine, if you don't want us, stay with the scum in present management--dedicated to running you and Bluestar into the ground.
Because, Darien, if you're through with me, you're through with everything I'm a part of.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but when you took CNX Electronics, you laid off 8,000 workers, Jessmon Fruit about 6,000, that airline...
Listen, you clowns, there's somebody else out there trying to buy your airline, if you want to be Pac-manned and gobbled by Atilla the Hun be my guest!
Well if you're in such a rush darling, why don't you lead the way?
I don't know if I ever liked her
Guys, if I'm going to play the hero at least give me a little room.
What if he was
She could have hurt me if she wanted to.
I just thought I'd stop by and see if you want to take the boat out, say Thursday morning?
Jody wanted to know if I could get her some.
But what if something happens?. ...when tonight they'll probably be keeping us awake.
It's okay if you're not.
I hope Ryan explained that if you stay in this town, you're shackled with pushy relations for the rest of your life.
Down here. darling, we figure: If you're taking a trip to God knows where - might as well have one hell of a going-away party.
And this - if you decide to take the rest.
It's not as if you've suffered some great -
Michael wants to name it after you - if it's a girl
You do not love Michael   How can you love - if you lie...?
Aaron --- if it's a boy.
You thought you'd found yourself a nice, sensible doctor. pause)  Michael, if you don't want -
Even if it's all true - that doesn't make you a witch
But the vision - that keeps pouring into my head-    It won't go away God - if I could just understand it.
Fuckers'll sting a tree if they're bored-  so - where is she...?. 'Leave bees be - and the bees be nice.' Didn't your father ever teach you that...?
Listen darling, why won't you let us use your real name for the features - if people knew that it was the ELLEN CARTER writing the features and not just some pseudonym - then we might shift more units
You haven't written anything in four years darling - I know you need this job - and if circulation keeps dropping, there's not going to be a magazine for you to write for...
I know what you mean - I'll meet you at VINNIES WINE BAR at six if you like
Tell me BRIAN, what would happen if the client lost the key?
But - If you could show me round now - and I'll meet you later?
Well, if you could come sometime just before we close, then I could show you everything and  then we could go for a drink to discuss the finer points...
Yes - it's about bank safety deposit boxes - I wonder if you might just explain how they work - and maybe even show me round.
She could have stopped me you know - If she really wanted too
That is the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - If a dog attacked you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - Why then do people get bitten by dogs - savaged
I would prefer it if you kept away from LESLIE
Yes - but you live here too - If it were your house?
I'm here about the so called disappearance of your husband - It's best if we let old bones lie
I'd really like it if you would come round some time - Then I could cook you a meal - what do you say...
I'm good - I was just making a delivery near here, so I thought I would see if you were about...
How would you like it if I did that to your mother's panties?
I mean, if she wasn't, you know...
Fake it if you have to.
But hey, if you think there's a market for it.
Wouldn't it be awesome if we were about to say the exact same thing?
I guess...I don't know...I guess we should leave if we're not wanted.
I don't even know if I should be doing this
If you're anything like yours truly, then you probably figure we didn't want you when you were born, so who cares if we're dead
But if you're watching this, then it means we bit the dust.
But how can you respect yourself if you don't?
And the girl I love, she hates "Heaven." If I keep it, she'll never respect me.
I wondered if I looked like them, acted like them
Shoes, if you want to know the truth
You think my dad would have been like that if I knew him
But I can't keep you on staff if you turn every PTA meeting into an Agent Orange cover up.
We cannot afford free speech if it excises the moral fiber of this community!
It wouldn't really make a statement if I tiptoed out the door...What are you selling?
Actually, I was wondering if I might ask you about Ray Duquette.
I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions.
What if something distracts it and it snaps anyway?
Did you call her house to see if she got home
And if the teeth aren't Suzie's
What if I'm right, Gloria
What if I'm right and Hunter's wrong
What do you do if you see a bad thing coming?
Which she might have saved, if she hadn't set out to destroy the man's life.
We're gonna trash this guy's life and I keep asking myself if it's really necessary.
So if they're tapping your phone, we're dead
But what if they find out..
It's more suspicious if I sit around doing nothing
The only way we're gonna blow this now, is if we do it ourselves...
From now on, if we're seen together, it's got to be accidental
How about if Nicole goes on to the Mansons
What if I told you I had a way we could get a big piece of it back?
What if these tracks are just leading us to an Indian village or some old coot's mining claim?
So the idea is if a guy punches me, he really hurts his hand?
You'd think if Loveless is going to kill him he could at least be a prominent citizen.
Come on, let's at least see if we can find Dr
And if they've got Dr
Her big brothers were kind enough to teach it to me  I've got a book on it, if you're interested.
Have to look for clues... even if it means dancing with beautiful women.
All right, if it'll make you happy, I'll try that.
Please, if you promise to protect me, I'll testify against him
Oh, if I could do that I'd--I'd turn Burglekutt into a toad!
Willow...this may be a bad time to ask this question but...what if Raziel's wrong?
As if you care
But only if you promise not to say anything to your momma
Maybe if you listen to me for a minute we can work something out so you can come in
You could live this life if you wanted to bad enough
John Book, I would appreciate it if, during the time you are with us, you would have as little to do with Samuel as possible.
But... if you had to guess?
But I think it would have done me good if I could have screamed at your brother last night.
And so will I... if you shame me!
But I tell you that if he's found here, the people who did this to him will come for Samuel.
But if he does, then we'll find a way so no one knows!
What if he dies
So we'd like you to keep your promise to us, if you please, sir.. ...resourceful!
But, if you please -- what are Munchkins?
I don't know what I'd do if a whole swarm kept -- Oh
Oh -- bang on my chest if you think I'm perfect
Well -- I would never've found it if it hadn't been for you.
Your Majesty, if you were king You wouldn't be afraid of anything?
But I could show my prowess -- Be a lion not a mou-ess -- If I only had the nerve I'm afraid there's no denyin' I'm just a dande-lion -- A fate I don't deserve
Well, we'd better hurry if we're going to see the Wizard!
Why have you been --. -- A hot water bottle would be good if we had one.
And it's funny, but I feel as if I've known you all the time
But even if he didn't, you'd be no worse off than you are now.
Do you think if I went with you this Wizard would give me some brains?
Why, if our Scarecrow back in Kansas could do that, the crows'd be scared to pieces!
Would...would it do any good if I roared?
What if it were a brontosaurus?
B-B-B-B-B-But if we do that, we'll have to kill her to get it!. ...of the West.
I'll - I'll do anything you say, only... only if you don't shout at me
Were still dead if the trigger charge goes off...
After all, whats the point of living if you cant feel alive
To be locked away, to wonder if theyre coming for you, if anyone will ever come for you.
But if you don't give me an honest response, I can't help you
If you ever loved me -- if there's anything human left in you -- then do it.
You spent all those years chasing after muggers, and drug dealers, and jaywalkers . . . as if the world was any better for it
As if any of it mattered.
What if youre wrong??
And what if youre wrong?
Scared the hell out of some cows.  -- I wonder if she'd make it down to Antarctica.. -- I thought it was time for a routine maintenance check.
You'd be a lot safer if I weren't around.. -- What is it.
I'll be right down the hall if you want me . . 
I mean, if you need some aspirin, or --
I don't know if you heard
Now if you boys care to join me, we'll go save the world.
My friend, if you're planning on crossing me...
If you find out what I want to know, and if I'm able to successfully use that information, you get to go back to your degenerate little life
So if you ain't booking me, I'm walking.
Why is that?. ..If you're trolling around for narcs, man, have you got the wrong guy.
And if that's true, why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money
That's how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day
Now even if he's just dumb and lucky, I say we back his play
There's not a man in there that would give a damn if the Chinese took over.
What do you get if you finish?
Soon I'm in so far, they'd kill me if I left
Tell me if it's true.
Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra.
I have Japanese buyers who are looking to move a fleet, if you have the quality of merchandise they're after
It's all- weather, fire retardant, and if you give this buckle a sharp pull, the whole outfit deploys into a parachute.
Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd better give you your surprise now.
But hey, if this is about money...
Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch
Sure, if that's what you want
It says: "America stands for freedom, but if you think you're free..."
It'll work faster if I have an account number.
I don't know if we can do this without Charles.
You think he won't come here if necessary
What if they're naughty?
What if I like the pain?
I was afraid if I went to a hospital, they would...
You have a home here now, if you want it
What if it never happens
What if they're so afraid of us that we become the enemy? -- This place is gonna be one giant cemetery.
But if you cross me, I won't feel any guilt about what I do to you.
And even if you could -- it would cost a fortune
Well... if you're sure that I could accomplish everything in a week..
Yes, but, sir... if it could be accomplished, wouldn't that eliminate disease from the human frame and render man invulnerable to any but a violent death?
Now if we can proceed to your questions.
What if he's not there?
All right if I turn out the lamp, sweetheart?. ...But an intellectual relationship, like this -- we could have as often as we wanted
Look here -  if it wasn't you, and it wasn't you, and it wasn't me...
May my mother grow two heads if I'm not telling the truth.
